{"2015": {"3": {"3": {"10:59:02": {"https://www.huffpost.com/entry/finishing-one-year--start_b_6404770": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/caring-for-old-dogs_b_6384598": {"headline": "Why My Dog Going Gray Is Killing Me", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["POST50", "OPRAH WINFREY", "OPRAH"], "summary": "I love my dog, but I will not dress him up. I will not buy him an elevated water bowl or a doggie sofa. The fact that I live in Marin County, Calif., land of certified dog massage therapy, cashmere canine wardrobes and fake service-dog vests, only strengthens my resolve to stay normal.", "author": "Julie Fingersh", "text": "I love my dog, but I will not dress him up. I will not buy him an elevated water bowl or a doggie sofa. The fact that I live in Marin County, Calif., land of certified dog massage therapy, cashmere canine wardrobes and fake service-dog vests, only strengthens my resolve to stay normal. When Sheridan from Dairy Dell Doggie Care hands me the two-page menu of extras to consider for Scotch's weeklong stay, (i.e., \"furry blowout,\" \"extra bedtime cuddling by staff,\" and \"treadmill time\"), I put up my hand and say nicely, \"Thank you, Sheridan. But he's a dog.\" And yet. And yet: ever since white hair started sprouting up on my Brittany spaniel's perfect, mahogany-brown face, I began to sink into an embarrassing, only-half-ironic existentialist funk. \"What if I ship him off to Nicole?\" I threatened my husband and kids. Nicole is my hair colorist, to whom I hand over a small fortune every six weeks so my hair can try to look like Julianne Moore's. My family laughed at first, but has since asked me to stop saying this because they're starting to worry. But here's my deal: We get dogs to bring us one thing: JOY. Right? Uncomplicated joy. Your dog's job is to come when you call, love you all the time, and live to be, in all adorable doggy ways, a constant reminder that your life is right there, waiting to be enjoyed. Never mind that our dog regularly fails at most of his job. Most of the time, he treats us like a bad boyfriend, stopping for a moment to consider our jubilant calls and effusive praise with a blank stare before walking off in the other direction. But still, we adore him, just like all bad boyfriends are unjustifiably adored. And despite his poor dog performance, Scotch's rapidly changing appearance from gorgeous young thing to wizened elder is managing to unhinge me. What, in God's name, is wrong with me? Am I vain? Am I ageist? Am I a clich\u00e9 of Man's Denial of Death? Also, what is the life expectancy of the cat? I really don't know. But what I do know is that I do not appreciate my Brittany turning into a daily reminder of the grim, inexorable march of time. I also do not appreciate my daughter constantly telling me that we better get another dog soon, because Scotch's life expectancy comes up right about the time she leaves for college. Do I need another living being I take care of to break my heart? No. I do not. Instead, I need my dog to stay beautiful and vital and mahogany-brown, and also to stop rolling around in rotting carcasses when I go trail running with him in the hills. Sadly, it's becoming ever more clear that he is not interested in any part of my plan. And so I am left with \"my work,\" as I am certain Oprah would call it. \"Julie,\" Oprah would say, holding me by my shoulders. \"Your work is to accept what is, with equanimity. There you'll find your best life.\" Yes, Oprah, yes. My work, I understand, is to breathe into watching Scotch's face turn arctic white. To be OK as I watch his hip flexors seize up just a little more every month, right along with mine. My work is to practice -- it takes practice! -- being with the fact, that one day, my daughter will leave home. Scotch will stop running. And so will I. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. And that's life. Unless I call Nicole. I'll keep you posted. EARLIER ON HUFF/POST50: By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/skulking-away-from-a-fail_b_6404648": {"headline": "Skulking Away From a Failed War", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["TALIBAN", "POLITICS", "KABUL"], "summary": "The official \"end\" to the Afghan war, while it doesn't mean the end of combat operations, does offer us a moment of disturbing reflection on what has been accomplished these last 13 years, during the first of our wars allegedly to eradicate, but in fact to promote, terror.", "author": "Robert Koehler", "text": "\"The only good Talib is a dead Talib.\" These words, uttered half a decade ago by the head of intelligence for the NATO coalition force in Afghanistan, summon a far earlier American savagery. As the American empire affects to close the door on its war with Afghanistan, the words also serve as a sort of doorstop propping open our further intervention in this broken country. The war isn't really ending. Some 18,000 foreign troops will stay in Afghanistan, almost 11,000 of them American, under a new mission called \"Resolute Support.\" U.S. forces will also have \"a limited combat role as part of a separate counterterrorism mission,\" according to the Wall Street Journal. Incredibly, we're not letting go. We're just disappearing the combat mission into global background noise. We're continuing to dehumanize part of humanity on the pretext of saving it. The updated version of \"the only good Indian is a dead Indian,\" redirected to the Taliban, was quoted a few days ago in a Der Spiegel article called \"Obama's Lists: A Dubious History of Targeted Killings in Afghanistan.\" The article goes into detail about the administration's infamous \"kill lists\" and the hunting of upper- and mid-level Taliban leaders via helicopter and drone -- assassination by Hellfire missile -- which is an extermination methodology guaranteed to kill lots of innocent civilians along with (or instead of) the targeted Taliban operative. But, you know, that's war. The official \"end\" to the Afghan war, while it doesn't mean the end of combat operations, does offer us a moment of disturbing reflection on what has been accomplished these last 13 years, during the first of our wars allegedly to eradicate, but in fact to promote, terror. We poured at least a trillion dollars into the war, which claimed some 30,000 lives, over two-thirds of them civilians. The first thing that occurs to me is that, officially, these statistics mean nothing. U.S. Army General John Campbell, commander of the International Security Assistance Force, exemplified this by smothering the human toll of the war in simple-minded verbiage during a secret ceremony held last weekend in a gymnasium at ISAF headquarters in Kabul: \"Our new resolute mission means we will continue to invest in Afghanistan's future,\" he said. \"Our commitment to Afghanistan endures.\" By the way, the ceremony, commemorating the war's shutdown, was secret because authorities feared the possibility of a Taliban attack. The United States and NATO, as everyone knows, are the losers, despite the bloated enormity of their military superiority. The Afghanistan war, like the Iraq war, was an utter failure even in terms of U.S. interests and geopolitical objectives. But any honest reflection requires a far more serious, all-encompassing look at the war's results. War is torture on a national scale. The nation of Afghanistan and its people are, of course, the primary losers in our \"investment\" in their future -- our investment in nation-wrecking. For instance: \"What has happened in Afghanistan over the last 13 years has been the flourishing of a narco-state that is really without any parallel in history,\" Matthieu Aikins said during a recent interview on Democracy Now. Aikens' article, \"Afghanistan: The Making of a Narco State,\" which ran recently in Rolling Stone, points out that, since the U.S. invasion, opium production in Afghanistan has doubled and the country now accounts for about 90 percent of the world's heroin traffic. Opium is about 15 percent of the country's gross domestic product, Aikens said -- even though Afghanistan is at the bottom of the drug trade economically. \"Afghan farmers only touch 1 percent of the value of the global opium trade,\" he said. Before 2001, opium production had been declining in Afghanistan, but, Aikens told Democracy Now, \"the U.S., in its quest for vengeance against the Taliban and al-Qaeda, partnered with the very warlords whose criminality and human rights abuses had created the conditions that led to the rise of the Taliban in the first place. And in many cases, these are the same individuals who were responsible for bringing large-scale opium cultivation to Afghanistan during the war against the Soviets.\" War is also humanity's spiritual cancer. Up and down the ranks, dehumanization of the enemy rules. \"The only good Talib is a dead Talib.\" This is the thinking that justifies mass bombing raids and kill lists. It also infects the souls of rank-and-file soldiers, such as the \"Kill Team\" described by Mark Boal in another extraordinary Rolling Stone story, this one published in March 2011. \"Among the men of Bravo Company,\" Boal writes, \"the notion of killing an Afghan civilian had been the subject of countless conversations, during lunchtime chats and late-night bull sessions. For weeks, they had weighed the ethics of bagging 'savages' and debated the probability of getting caught. Some of them agonized over the idea; others were gung-ho from the start. But not long after the New Year, as winter descended on the arid plains of Kandahar Province, they agreed to stop talking and actually pull the trigger.\" Boal's article details the killing -- and dismemberment -- of Afghan civilians purely for sport and revenge. The details are gruesome: \"Then, using a pair of razor-sharp medic's shears, he reportedly sliced off the dead boy's pinky finger and gave it to Holmes, as a trophy for killing his first Afghan.\" What a mockery the reality of war makes of the rhetoric that blesses it. The American empire holds a secret ceremony to skulk away from a failed mission. But this war isn't over. It won't be over until we vow, as a nation, not to start the next one. - - -\nRobert Koehler is an award-winning, Chicago-based journalist and nationally syndicated writer. His book, Courage Grows Strong at the Wound (Xenos Press), is still available. Contact him at koehlercw@gmail.com or visit his website at commonwonders.com. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. \u00a9 2015 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, INC. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/crime-and-congress_b_6404622": {"headline": "Crime and Congress", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["POLITICS", "MICHAEL GRIMM INVESTIGATION", "HOUSE RULES"], "summary": "Recent events cause the citizen to ask whether there are any rules that might prevent members of the criminal class from also being members of a Congressional class.", "author": "Christopher Brauchli", "text": "Grimms' Fairy Tales\nA collection of Fairy Tales by the brothers Grimm\n\nRecent events cause the citizen to ask whether there are any rules that might prevent members of the criminal class from also being members of a Congressional class. What we have learned, thanks to Michael Grimm, the Congressman from New York's 11th Congressional District, is that being a congressman and a convicted felon are not mutually exclusive. Being both ultimately ended badly for Mr. Grimm but not because of any congressional rule or protocol. In April 2014, Congressman Grimm was confronted with a 20-count federal indictment alleging, among other things, that he was concealing income he received from a health food restaurant he once owned. Among other things, the store was a vehicle that enabled him to engage in tax fraud. On May 28, 2014, discussing the criminal charges with a reporter from Politico, Congressman Grimm expressed confidence he would be exonerated. On November 4 Congressman Grimm was elected to a third term in Congress and on December 23 Congressman Grimm pled guilty to a felony federal charge of filing false tax returns for the health food store he owned. Prosecuting attorney, Loretta Lynch, the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York said the Congressman \"chose lies and deception over honest dealings with federal and state authorities as well as his own employees.\" Notwithstanding his guilty plea, the good news, as far as the congressman was concerned, was that instead of standing trial in the spring on 20 federal charges he would be in Congress working on important legislation. As he told reporters after he'd entered his guilty plea: \"So long as I am able to serve, I will serve.\" What he was saying is that being a convicted felon is no bar to serving in the United States House of Representatives. That probably surprises some of my readers. Mr. Grimm is, however, correct. Paragraph 1 of House Rule XXIII says members of the House \"shall behave at all times in a manner that shall reflect creditably on the House.\" That reference, of course, does not apply to criminal behavior engaged in by a member of the House before joining that body, and, therefore, pleading guilty to such a crime while a member of Congress should not implicate paragraph 1. It might, however, implicate paragraph 10. That paragraph says a congressman receiving a sentence of 2 or more years' imprisonment \"should [not \"must\"] refrain from voting on any question . . . unless or until judicial or executive proceedings result in reinstatement of the presumption of the [member's] innocence . . . . or the Member is reelected to the House after the date of such conviction.\" Why the Rule refers to \"reinstatement of the presumption of innocence\" instead of \"exoneration of the charges\", is unclear. Although Rule XXIII does not require a convicted congressman to leave the House, two-thirds of the House could vote to expel Mr. Grimm but that has only happened twice since the civil war. On December 29,2014, Congressman Grimm announced that he was resigning from Congress saying: \"After much thought and prayer, I have made the very difficult decision to step down from Congress. . . .[It] is time for me to start the next chapter of my life.\" His reference to \" prayer\" almost certainly refers not to Mr. Grimm addressing a deity, but to Majority Leader, John Boehner, addressing Mr. Grimm and urging him to resign from Congress so that Mr. Boehner's Republican caucus would not include a convicted felon. The \"new chapter\" to which Mr. Grimm refers is his upcoming time in prison. The foregoing discussion is of more than passing interest to one of Mr. Grimm's colleagues, Chaka Fattah. Mr. Fattah, a democrat, has just been elected to an 11th term in the House from West Philadelphia with 88 percent of the vote. He, like Mr. Grimm, is facing an encounter with the federal criminal justice system. The foregoing discussion may be of more than passing interest to him should he be convicted of criminal activity as seems more than a slight possibility. Federal prosecutors have had him in their sights for some time. In August 2014 his former chief of staff pled guilty to several counts of campaign finance fraud. Among improper payments made by the aide were payments to reduce Mr. Fattah's son's college debt. On November 7, 2014, another former Fattah aide pled guilty to one count of conspiring to commit honest services wire fraud, a charge someone smarter than this writer can explain. The kinds of questionable activities in which Mr. Fattah and his aides have been engaged are discussed at some length in The Philadelphia Tribune. The foregoing discussion of what consequences of a conviction meant for Mr. Grimm are certainly of no interest to Mr. Fattah-yet. He might want to keep it in mind for future reference, however. Christopher Brauchli can be emailed at brauchli.56@post.harvard.edu. For political commentary see his web page at http://humanraceandothersports.com By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/cia-tortures-immeasurable_b_6404530": {"headline": "CIA Torture's Immeasurable Damage to U.S. Global Leadership", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["IRELAND", "CIA", "GEORGE W BUSH"], "summary": "The CIA was never among the world's most trusted global brands, even among U.S. allies, but torture revelations have diminished U.S. claims to moral leadership and reduced its \"soft power.\"", "author": "Brian Dooley", "text": "Last month's revelations about CIA torture have hurt U.S. credibility worldwide. The Senate Intelligence Committee's report on CIA Interrogation concluded the program \"created tensions with U.S. partners and allies...complicating bilateral intelligence relationships.\" It said the program caused \"immeasurable damage to the United States' public standing, as well as to the United States' longstanding global leadership on human rights in general....\" Immeasurable is right -- in a literal sense it's impossible to gauge just how badly Washington's international U.S. image has been hurt by the CIA's torture. The CIA was never among the world's most trusted global brands, even among U.S. allies, but torture revelations have diminished U.S. claims to moral leadership and reduced its \"soft power.\" An editorial in influential Spanish newspaper El Pais argued that the revelations mean the U.S. can no longer present itself as \"a beacon of freedom.\" Releasing the report isn't what's hurt America's reputation -- making public and facing up to its mistakes are generally seen as a plus -- and the backlash attacks against American embassies and personnel overseas some warned would be triggered by the report's release hasn't happened. After Abu Ghraib and earlier revelations from Guantanamo it's not much of a shock for foreigners that the CIA tortured detainees and lied about it to other parts of the U.S. government, though details of rectal feeding and other abuses refreshed memories of what went on during the Bush presidency. Western government leaders have been fairly muted in their reaction to the revelations, and their responses have generally concentrated on applauding the U.S. for doing the right thing in owning up to its sins (the U.K. is facing a not dissimilar test of transparency now its 1970s treatment of the \"Hooded Men\" in Northern Ireland is under renewed scrutiny). There have been some calls for prosecutions of American officials, including from Members of the European Parliament and the U.N.'s Special Rapporteur on Counterterrorism. But for governments complicit in hosting black sites or otherwise facilitating the CIA's torture, is difficult to condemn what happened too vigorously. U.S. allies that facilitated American torture might be nervous about closer scrutiny of where the CIA money went. \"To encourage governments to clandestinely host CIA detention sites, or to increase support for existing sites, the CIA provided millions of dollars in cash payments to foreign government officials,\" says the report. \"CIA Headquarters encouraged CIA Stations to construct a 'wish list' of proposed financial assistance to xxxxxxx [entities of foreign governments], and to 'think big' in terms of that assistance.\" The Senate report estimates that the CIA Detention and Interrogation Program cost \"well over $300 million in non-personnel costs. This included funding for the CIA to construct and maintain detention facilities, including two facilities costing nearly $[number redacted] million that were never used...\" Following the release of the report, former Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski admitted for the first time there had been a CIA \"black site\" in the country. Kwasniewski was in power from 1995 to 2005 and had previously denied the existence of a CIA site in Poland. Now he says there was a facility but that the Polish government had no knowledge of torture or mistreatment there.Around 50 countries are reported to have been involved in enabling the CIA program, either by hosting black sites or otherwise facilitating its operation. Some are now under pressure from their media and public for having enabled the torture, complicating their relationships with the US and making future co-operation more problematic. Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani described the revelations as shocking and inhumane, and announced that from now on the US would not be able to detain Afghans in the country. Lithuania and Romania are among the countries now exposed to possible international legal action for having hosted CIA torture facilities, and while the Thai government is keen to distance itself from the revelations, denying it hosted a secret prison, it is widely reported that Detention Site Green was based in the country. President Bush's personal assurances to Irish government leaders that Shannon airport was not being used as a refueling stop for flights carrying detainees are still met with some skepticism in Europe, and after the guarantee given to Ireland the Bush White House told the European Union it wouldn't be offering assurances to other governments on a country-by-country basis. The revelations mean being seen as friends with the CIA is less attractive than ever, and will make it harder politically for some allies to partner with US intelligence agencies. But releasing the report was the right thing to do: in the long run continuing the coverup and refusing to admit what really happened would have hurt the U.S. far more."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/post_8842_b_6404482": {"headline": "Palestine and the International Criminal Court", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["ISRAELI-PALESTINIAN CONFLICT", "PALESTINE", "PALESTINIANS"], "summary": "Membership in the ICC would give Abbas another tacit endorsement of statehood and the ability to wage powerful lawfare. But will this really get Abbas what he ultimately wants? Or better, what does he want?", "author": "C.J. Keller", "text": "Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, signed the Rome Statute. In two months, Palestine will most likely be a recognized member of the International Criminal Court (ICC), the adjudicatory body conceived to prosecute humanity's worst crimes. Palestinian accession means that the Court will then have jurisdictional authority to investigate allegations raised within the Palestinian Territories. This ability may be retroactive as well, and the Palestinian Authority (PA) can re-petition the Court to investigate events that occurred during the winter 2008-2009 battle between Hamas and Israel, as well as this summer's conflict and its lead up. Years of concerted Israeli diplomatic effort sought to forestall this. In addition to giving another nudge to Palestinian statehood without attendant progress towards a negotiated solution, Palestinian membership in the ICC would expose Israel to Court scrutiny for its conduct in the Territories. In particular, the Court has jurisdiction over genocide, crimes against humanity and most pertinent now, war crimes. Israel, whose wariness of international investigation was reinforced by 2009's contentious Goldstone Report, has long joined the United States in declining to become a Court member. Membership in the ICC would give Abbas another tacit endorsement of statehood and the ability to wage powerful lawfare. But will this really get Abbas what he ultimately wants? Or better, what does he want? With rights come responsibilities. Membership in the ICC enables a party to make complaints alleging war crimes within its borders. It also exposes a party to liability for its own actions, within or beyond its territorial control. Furthermore, the ICC operates on the principle of complementarity. If an accused State is willing and able to investigate the accusations, the ICC must defer to that process. Estimation of ability to conduct these proceedings is determined by the ICC itself, and lacks clear guidelines. The international law of war differentiates between the legality of a war and the legality of the war's conduct. The first, called jus ad bellum is the law governing the conditions under which countries can legally go to war. Once a war has started, a different strain of international law kicks in. Jus in bello, or law in war, is the legal body concerning behavior during a conflict. It has taken a number of names throughout the years, and is sometimes referred to as the Law of Armed Conflict, although the consensus name is now International Humanitarian Law (IHL). IHL is agnostic to legality of the war, which is the sole provenance of jus ad bellum. IHL is only triggered once a war has started and applies to both parties regardless of whether the underlying recourse to force is judged just or not. When considering violations of IHL, one must mentally separate a party's conduct in the war from its justifications for initial warmaking. IHL, although aspirational, is often violated in practice. Commanders make battlefield mistakes. Fighters tread close to civilian populations. The fog of war is thick. However, not all violations of IHL are war crimes. Again, not every violation of IHL is a war crime. Although there is no one definition of \"war crime,\" Article 8 of the Rome Statute lists many \"grave breaches\" of the Geneva Conventions (i.e. violations of certain provisions of IHL), as well as specifically enumerated customary international law crimes. Among these are intentionally directing attacks against civilians and civilian objects, Hamas operations in violation of which were clearly documented this summer by the international media. Israel, for its part, has been accused of indiscriminate use of force and of treating police as members of the armed force, even though international law can classify police as civilians. To play devil's advocate to the PA's public ICC strategy, Israel's conduct in the 2008-2009 Gaza conflict not perfect. But, according to Richard Goldstone's recant of the report that bears his name, fuller investigation produced evidence arguing against \"war crimes.\" Moreover, Israel's proactive investigations into its conflicts, commended by the final U.N. committee of independent experts regarding 2009 and already in progress regarding this summer's hostilities, might shield it from ICC investigation via an honest application of the complementarity principle. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Taking up the mantle of the Rome Statues -- with its rights and obligations -- is definitely not a one-sided victory. But it seems weird to call Abbas's move a \"gesture of despair,\" as some news outlets have claimed. Especially as the PA declined to rehabilitate negotiations that were ultimately called off earlier in 2014. What is it that Mahmoud Abbas really wants? Could this move be a hint towards a two-state solution without Hamas? Or more specifically, a three-state solution? The latest instantiation of a unity agreement between the Palestinian Authority and Hamas has been nominal since its start. The Palestinian Authority's recently foiled UN bid called for the establishment of a Palestinian state based on 1967 borders. Political reality prevented it from saying anything else, but could its esoteric meaning go beyond its exoteric? Because Israel unilaterally withdrew from Gaza in 2005, in practice, the resolution focused on timed withdrawal from the West Bank. It infuriated Gaza's Hamas leaders, who in addition to lambasting PA officials earlier this week for neglecting reconstruction efforts, accused Abbas of \"compromise\" in this arguable pursuit of West Bank withdrawal. The resolution failed to receive enough votes to pass in the UN Security Council, but the PA already indicated it plans to try again in the coming weeks, after UNSC membership rotates. The PA has yet to fulfil many of its promises made to Gaza at the close of this summer's conflict, including transfer of funds. Hamas has vocally advocated for PA complaints against Israel in The Hague, but Palestinian membership in the ICC exposes Hamas leaders to possible prosecution for war crimes. Could Abbas be driving a diplomatic wall between the West Bank and Gaza? Could he be laying the steps for a divorce of their political futures? Will ICC membership ultimately further isolate Hamas? Or is Palestinian leadership betting that politics will guide ICC policy against Israel without reciprocal scrutiny? Palestinian accession to the Rome Statute was a threat long held over negotiations and relations with Israel. Once a threat is enacted, however, it loses its coercive power. Abbas has played a big card. Time will reveal what he wanted in return."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/met-opera-a-new-merry-wid_b_6404302": {"headline": "Met Opera: A New 'Merry Widow' With Renee Fleming In Widow's Weeds", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["ARTS", "OPERA", "METROPOLITAN OPERA"], "summary": "It is hard to imagine a merrier widow than Renee Fleming, and she swirls through the Metropolitan Opera's sumptuous new production of Franz Lehar's popular operettawith the ease of a woman who knows what she wants and knows how to get it.", "author": "Wilborn Hampton", "text": "It is hard to imagine a merrier widow than Renee Fleming, and she swirls through the Metropolitan Opera's sumptuous new production of Franz Lehar's popular operetta The Merry Widow with the ease of a woman who knows what she wants and knows how to get it. Joined by Kelli O'Hara, the Broadway star making her operatic debut, and the reliable baritone Nathan Gunn, the new staging by the acclaimed theater director Susan Stroman is an opulent spectacle that opened with a gala New Year's Eve premiere and will be repeated 13 more times during the season. It is an eye-popping production that the Met also will make available to audiences around the world on Jan. 17 when the matinee performance is simulcast in more than 2,000 theaters in 69 countries as part of its Live in HD series. Fleming, who has a penchant for tackling new roles, can now add operetta and Hanna Glawari, the farmer's daughter from Pontevedro who married a banker and inherited his millions when he died on their honeymoon, to her long resume. She teases her reluctant wooer Count Danilo, splendidly sung by Gunn, with the finesse of a gambler and she tosses off Lehar's melodious tunes, especially the \"Vilja Song,\" like they were dollops of cream on a Sacher torte. O'Hara is a small revelation in her first operatic outing, making the transition from the Broadway stage to the Met opera house seem as easy as a subway ride uptown. Her lovely soprano carries to the family circle and her acting talent brings credibility to the complicated role of the flirtatious Valencienne, the ambassador's wife who dallies with a young French dandy. Stroman, who has five Tony Awards to her credit as director and choreographer of Broadway musicals, brought in the designer Julian Crouch to re-create a grand set, abounding in chandeliers, for the Pontevedro Embassy in Paris (possibly too grand for a country facing bankruptcy), and a terrace garden with a view of Sacre-Coeur in the distance that morphs into a gilded Chez Maxim nightclub for the final act. Augmenting this splendid evocation of Belle Epoque Paris are William Ivey Long's costumes, widow's weeds for Fleming like few widows have ever worn, black bare-shouldered dresses dripping with diamonds, and ravishing ball gowns for O'Hara and the ladies and grandiose military attire, complete with plumed tricorn hats, for the Pontevedrian aristocrats. While the new Merry Widow is breathtaking to look at and a pleasure to hear, the staging is not without problems. The energy level flags at times, especially in the opening act when the exposition of the plot is unfolding, and there are too many pauses in the action. Operetta, a forerunner of the modern-day musical comedy, needs to move at the pace of a Broadway show, and any lag between the music and dialogue only serves to lessen the audience's involvement or concentration. But these are problems that can be corrected as the overall fine cast performs it more often. This Merry Widow is best when it is singing and dancing. Stroman's strongest suit is her choreography and from the opening waltzes and polkas to acrobatic folk dances to the shouting, skirt-flinging high steps of the grisettes at Maxim's, including a can-can during the set change, the dancing is one of the show's biggest attractions. And O'Hara is a marvel in the scene where she joins the grisette chorus line. Like most operettas, the story of The Merry Widow is a simple one. Hanna, now the toast of Paris and pursued by a horde of suitors whether available or not, keeps them all at bay. But the Pontevedro ambassador to France, Baron Zeta, wants her to marry a Pontevedrian in order to keep her millions in her native country and save it from bankruptcy. The Baron tries to enlist Count Danilo, a profligate playboy attached to the embassy, to the task. But Danilo and Hanna have a history and Danilo is not inclined to marry anyway. And Hanna wants to hear those three little words \"I love you\" from Danilo's own lips before she will even consider him. Then there's Valencienne's missing fan, with those same words written on them by her would-be French lover, to further complicate Zeta's plan. It's all froth and frivolity, but so is a lot of opera and most operetta. And that can be fun too provided there are enough bubbles to keep things light and airy. There are times the new Met staging runs short of bubbles. Still, there is much to admire. Gunn is excellent as Danilo, his rich baritone a familiar fixture at the Met, and his duet with Hanna, familiarly known as \"The Merry Widow Waltz,\" is worth waiting for. Thomas Allen brings the role of Baron Zeta to life and Carson Elrod, in his Met debut, adds some much-needed comic relief to the role of the embassy factotum Njegus. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Andrew Davis conducted the opening performance of the new production, as he did when the Met first staged Lehar's operetta back in 2000. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/new-york-city-murders-hit-record-low_n_6404470": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/new-years-hangover-cures_b_6404376": {"headline": "New Year's Hangover Cures for Your Credit", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["MONEY", "IDENTITY THEFT", "NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS"], "summary": "Many Americans will wake up on New Year's Day nursing not only a headache from overindulging on New Year's Eve, but also worries about holiday bills that will arrive in January.", "author": "Jeanne Kelly", "text": "Many Americans will wake up on New Year's Day nursing not only a headache from overindulging on New Year's Eve, but also worries about holiday bills that will arrive in January. If you can relate, it may be time to cure your holiday financial hangover. Below are some good tips to start:\n\n1. Create a budget - The first step to getting rid of a financial hangover is knowing what you have to work with. List all of your sources of income, followed by a list of all of your regular expenses. Any extra money you can find in your budget should be used this month to pay those bloated credit card bills that you're dreading. 2. Pay down credit card balances - To maintain a good credit score, it helps to keep your revolving credit balances below 20 percent of the total credit limit. So, to lose your financial headache, examine your balances and make a plan, using your budget from Step 1, to pay down all of your credit card balances, at least to the 20 percent level. 3. Pay holiday bills as they come in - Help maintain healthy credit and lose your holiday hangover by paying your holiday bills as they come in. If you are worried about paying them in full, make sure you are able to at a least pay minimum payments on time. Many of us dread opening our credit card bills this month but the only way to rid yourself of the hangover is to face the facts of your balances and make a plan to pay them. 4. Get your credit report - The first of the year is a great time to pull your credit report at annualcreditreport.com and examine it for any errors or evidence of fraud or identity theft. The holiday season is primetime for credit card fraud and identity theft so to rid yourself of the headache of identity theft by taking a look at your report and call creditors and the credit bureaus if you find anything erroneous. If you are a victim of fraud or theft, remember to file a police report right away. Knowing where you stand and having a plan can go a long way in relieving your holiday spending hangover, so get started on these steps today and you'll feel much better. Happy New Year~! By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/new-years-resolutions-2015_b_6402040": {"headline": "My New Year's Resolution Is to Not Make Any at All", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["FEARLESS TEENS", "NEW YEAR", "NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS"], "summary": "It is worth remembering that despite what popular culture tells us, you don't need to wait until the New Year to make drastic life changes.", "author": "Phoebe Dodds", "text": "It's that time of year again -- every friend, relative and magazine is telling you that you need to make some New Year's resolutions, because a new year means a new you, right? There are a number of problems with this: Firstly, you may be so fabulous that you don't need or want to change any aspect of yourself. If you're happy with the way your life is, that's great -- and you don't need to feel pressured to lose weight, improve your appearance or spend more time with friends you don't really like that much. Secondly, it doesn't make a whole lot of sense to make drastic life changes in January. In the northern hemisphere, January is a cold, dark and depressing month, and the last thing I need is to be expected to get through it without chocolate or whatever else I have over-optimistically given up. New Year's resolutions are also usually yearlong goals, and for most people, this can be too daunting, which just leads to failure. I have given up on the \"get healthier\" resolutions, and have tried to make smaller, more achievable goals like \"walk up the stairs when possible,\" which is made drastically easier by a phobia of elevators. Another possible alternative which, sadly I only thought of today, is starting to act on my resolutions at the start of December, which would prevent the unavoidable sense of failure felt on December 31 when you realize that you didn't even manage to stick to one goal you made a year ago. I had wanted to read one novel a week, so if I'd at least managed to read four books this month, I'd feel slightly better. The same goes with \"get healthier: style resolutions -- small changes are always going to get you further than \"don't eat chocolate, sugar or pizza\" resolutions, which despite my best efforts, I always manage to break by breakfast time on January 1. A nice idea is to make monthly goals in order to achieve something bigger which could seem daunting at first -- this works well with learning a new language, because you can aim to learn a certain number or words or phrases per week, and this builds up quickly over a number of months. As my New Year's resolution this year is not to make any, I have decided to take up a skill instead, which I feel has more of a positive spin than aggressively cutting something I love eating out of my diet. My goals for 2015 are to learn a new language and go to more exhibitions, and I am keeping my definitions of \"learn\" and \"more\" purposefully vague to avoid any feelings of disappointment when I enter 2016 a year from now, having visited two exhibitions and learnt four words of Portuguese. It is probably also worth remembering that despite what popular culture tells us, you don't need to wait until the New Year to make drastic life changes. If there is something you want to do to improve yourself or your life in general, you can start at any time. It's just probably best to take things slowly and make small-scale goals to avoid returning to square one after a couple of weeks. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/start-2015-with-this-easy_b_6402306": {"headline": "Get a Jump on 2015 With This Easy 30-Minute Marketing Plan", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["NEW YEAR'S", "WHAT IS WORKING: SMALL BUSINESSES", "EMAIL MARKETING"], "summary": "I've asked many small business people the seemingly unwelcome question, \"Do you have a marketing plan?\" Most, about 90 percent, don't want me to ask.", "author": "Julie Niehoff", "text": "I've asked many small business people the seemingly unwelcome question, \"Do you have a marketing plan?\" Most, about 90 percent, don't want me to ask. Their shoulders slump, they look at the floor and they deflect. It breaks my heart -- not because they don't have one but because they get so down on themselves for having to say no. I'm here to say I get it. I've worn those shoes as a busy business owner myself. I never ask out of judgement or to shame anyone, but that's how they feel. Following are instructions for creating a very basic (and flexible) marketing plan that will bend with your ever-changing schedule. It is my new years gift to the countless professionals I've met who are making it happen, every day, running their businesses and legitimately do no not have time or the wherewithal to create a full-blown marketing plan for their business. Spend 20, okay maybe 30 minutes this week on this 4 step process and you'll have something to work with for 2015. Before we start, it's important to note that this is not your marketing consultant's marketing plan for your business in 2015 -- that comes later when you have a minute to gather your thoughts and realize you might be able to justify paying a professional. Nope, this is your \"I-run-the-business-have-no-extra-time-may-be-working-new-year's-day-seriously-no-time-for-a-big-thing\" plan. You will need a calendar, a highlighter, a pen or pencil and a handful of sticky notes. You can also do this on a computer/mobile device using your calendar app but for the quick half-hour in and out version, stick to analog. Step 1 - Highlight Dates Affected By Anything Set In Stone\nSo, standard holidays should be highlighted, the big conference you already paid to attend should be highlighted, Probably should go ahead and highlight date of the Super Bowl, Stanley Cup or US Open -- whatever you're into and might want to plan around. Highlight first and last days of school for the nearest district to your business. Highlight your birthday and the birthdays of those you should acknowledge. If you want to get fancy, use a different color for the personal stuff, but make sure it's highlighted if you need to be aware of it. Now highlight several days before and after any of the big holidays that might include promotions for your business. Those are key for build-up and wind down. Wondering why personal stuff might be on your marketing plan? Because you're busy running the business and it's important to plan around the big stuff in your own life -- it is meant to help you find balance without having to lose sight of everything on your plate. Step 2 - Write Down Events or Promos you are Pretty Sure Will Happen\nIf you always do a sidewalk sale the week before Christmas, write that down -- it should already be highlighted, at least partially. Do you have special offers for big local events or want to? Write it down. For example, in Austin every business should have SXSW convention and Austin City Limits music festival written on their calendar. These bring in business -- even if you're b2b, then it affects your client's businesses and you should be ready to work around it, prepare for it. If you know you are going to send out a monthly newsletter by email, write that down. Step 3 - Use the Sticky Notes to Put in Ideas for Promotions or Content\nThey are sticky notes because you might move them around. I highly suggest you use the \"super sticky\" version of these magical notepads. They stay on and make this easier. For instance, always running behind when the holidays arrive because you've been too busy running the business to plan for a special promotion? Now is the time, yes in January, to plan for next year's special offers and marketing ideas. You have time to plan a little at a time and if it's on the calendar, you'll see it coming. Use the sticky notes to add in content ideas too -- what you might post on social media or in an email blast, or both. You can add stickies anytime, or email yourself if you're away and use the subject line \"marketing sticky\". Then you can find them easily when needed. Step 4 - Put it all in a file folder that sits on or near your desk\nKeep the plan an arm's length away. Consider writing down your social media and email marketing account logins on the inside of the folder. That way, if you need to delegate at any point, you can simply hand over the plan and that person can hit the ground running. If you need some marketing ideas, pull a sticky from one time to where you need it -- easy edits. If you find yourself answering the same question over and over, add a sticky note to share the answer with all of your followers and email subscribers. And that's pretty much it. What you have created is a living, breathing document that will change over time, will grow with your needs and can be adapted later. Again, it's not the work of a marketing Ph.D. -- it's a quick resource for the real world of a small business. You can finally say the words, \"Yes, I have a marketing plan\", knowing maybe It's not the end-all-be-all but it is at least a start. Hold your head high, plan in hand, ready to take on 2015. It's going to be a great year! #YouCanDoThis"}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/in-2015-lets-not-punish-t_b_6403838": {"headline": "In 2015, Let's Not Punish the Palestinians for Joining the ICC", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["CONGRESS", "ISRAELI SETTLEMENTS", "PALESTINE"], "summary": "It's kind of funny, in a not ha-ha way, how twisted the public discourse in the U.S. is, that we even have to defend the proposition that the Palestinians should join the ICC if they want. But we do.", "author": "Robert Naiman", "text": "A proposed New Year's Resolution: in 2015, let's not punish the Palestinians for joining the International Criminal Court. No doubt some Members of Congress - presumably, the ones who aren't busy resigning for felony tax evasion or defending themselves for schmoozing with white supremacists -- will try to gin up an outrage festival and demand sanctions on the Palestinians for exercising their rights. \"Ring out the old, bring in the new.\" Let's ignore these voices. Let's see if we can find ten conscientious Members of Congress who are willing to say, \"Actually, the Palestinians have the right to do this if they want, and they shouldn't be punished for signing up for the rule of law.\" It's kind of funny, in a not ha-ha way, how twisted the public discourse in the U.S. is, that we even have to defend the proposition that the Palestinians should join the ICC if they want. But we do. Exhibit A: this New York Times editorial, slamming Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas for applying for Palestine to join the ICC. The \"liberal\" NYT editors concede that \"prospects for a two-state solution grow dimmer by the day, with ... the Israeli government, led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, steadily expanding settlements, making the creation of a viable Palestinian state harder,\" and that \"in joining the International Criminal Court...the Palestinians could bring charges against Israeli officials for cases against their settlement activities.\" But then -- in complete contradiction to that which they just conceded -- they claim that \"Abbas's actions will almost certainly make the situation worse, setting back the cause of statehood even farther.\" Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Sadly, like still-too-many American liberals, the NYT editors claim to oppose Israeli settlement expansion in the West Bank, but object far more strenuously to anyone actually trying to do anything concrete to stop it. Is it any wonder that \"prospects for a two-state solution grow dimmer by the day,\" when the purported tribunes of American liberalism oppose any practical and concrete measure to try to save it? Fortunately, in 2015, we don't need to rely on the \"liberal\" New York Times to defend the basic principles of decency and fair play. We can do it ourselves. You can write to Congress and the President here."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/best-movies-of-2014-a-sub_b_6404156": {"headline": "Best Movies of 2014: A Subjective View", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["UNBROKEN", "CLINT EASTWOOD", "TILDA SWINTON"], "summary": "It's a clich\u00e9 of the season to list award favorites, but it is also a thrill to be able to recommend so many good films.", "author": "Regina Weinreich", "text": "It's a clich\u00e9 of the season to list award favorites, but it is also a thrill to be able to recommend so many good films: at this moment the pundit's favorites are Boyhood, Birdman and Selma, with additional mention of Unbroken and The Theory of Everything. In a rich year, many films deserve our attention: American Sniper: Clint Eastwood at the top of his career, with a movie based on the true story of Chris Kyle (Bradley Cooper) that effectively takes you into the world of combat in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the serious battle to come home. A Most Violent Year: Some may think of this period movie as Sidney Lumet-light, but with an excellent Oscar Isaac and Jessica Chastain, J. C. Chandor's third feature, about a decent man doing business, is as much about a marriage, and '80's big shoulder couture. A twist at the end challenges the notion of how ethical anyone in business can really be. Foxcatcher: Steve Carell may be the Nicole Kidman of nose prostheses this year. We know him as mild, handsome and funny and here in Bennett Miller's film, he is rich, scary and tragic. This startling true story also features Channing Tatum as we've never seen him, and Mark Ruffalo, so sweetly good as he is in this year's Begin Again and The Normal Heart. Director Bennett Miller makes movies about men that women love to watch. Ida: Poland's entry into the Oscar race is frame by frame a work of art. The post Holocaust story of a nun who learns about her past may be emblematic of ones known to historians by now, but this film distills its essence. Mr. Turner: Timothy Spall is well known as a character actor. As the painter J. M. W. Turner in Mike Leigh's epic length bio-pic, he brings his talent to evoke character through a vast array of tics, grunts and peculiarities to carry this beautiful movie. The Grand Budapest Hotel: A Wes Anderson movie with all the quirks and wonderful eccentrics is worth seeing again and again. This one, inspired by the writings of Stefan Zweig, features an extraordinary ensemble, starting with Ralph Fiennes, Jude Law, Jason Schwartzman who is also very cool in Tim Burton's Big Eyes, Bob Balaban, F. Murray Abraham, Tilda Swinton, Adrien Brody, Saoirse Ronan and Willem Dafoe. The movie is so richly populated, I may have forgotten a few. The Imitation Game: Benedict Cumberbatch will be nominated for Best Actor for his role as Alan Turing, a British genius who helped break the Nazi code, but who ended his life sadly, brought to suicide for being a homosexual. The film also offers a glimpse of women of the war era in the person of Keira Knightley as Joan Clarke, a smart mathematician who falls for him. Knightley does good work in Begin Again this year as well. Timbuktu: This film from Mauritania quietly seeps into your gut, showing with heart-wrenching effect what happens in a desert village when repressive Taliban-like militant Islamic rebels take over. Whiplash: J. K. Simmons is a demanding music teacher, or is he simply a sadist, in Damien Chazelle's debut film inspired by his own experience. Miles Teller is the student who literally bleeds as a jazz drummer in a school from hell; of course, he also triumphs playing \"Whiplash.\" Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Wild: I loved both Reese Witherspoon and Laura Dern so much in this story about a mother-daughter. Based on Cheryl Strayed's bestseller, Witherspoon's Cheryl is reminiscent of young women in the 1970's with little if no guidance, despite her loving yet kooky mom. The arduous determined hike into the wild lifts her from drugs and self-abuse -- seen in flashbacks -- after her mom dies. I empathized. I cried. A version of this post also appears on Gossip Central. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/6-things-that-barack-obam_b_6403848": {"headline": "6 Things That Barack Obama Did for P-20 Education in 2014", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["EDUCATION", "K-12 EDUCATION", "EDUCATION REFORM"], "summary": "Given the nature and sheer number of challenges, his administration has done a great deal to foster positive change and progress. In a bid to build upon his already stellar record on education Obama implemented a number of education reform initiatives in 2014.", "author": "Matthew Lynch", "text": "When Barack Obama assumed the presidency, a nasty set of problems confronted him in P-20 education. High student loan debt, lack of affordable early childhood education options and everything in between were put in the President's lap and have been the very issues he has addressed in both terms. Given the nature and sheer number of challenges, his administration has done a great deal to foster positive change and progress. In a bid to build upon his already stellar record on education Obama implemented a number of education reform initiatives in 2014. 1. Making colleges accountable for standardized test scores. In April, President Obama announced that colleges with education programs would soon be held accountable for the future standardized test scores of the pupils of their graduates, at least when it comes to federal fund incentives. The president's proposal plans to reward nearly $100 million per year in federal grants to education schools that have proven to turn out the best teachers -- some of that measured in the standardized test scores graduates are producing in their classrooms. Federal scholarship aid, then, will be based less on student need and more on the performance of graduates from those programs. 2. Plans to improve teacher preparation. The Obama administration unveiled a plan this year to regulate how the U.S. prepares teachers, stating that too many new K-12 educators are not trained properly or ready for the classroom. Under the proposal, the government would require states to issue report cards for teacher preparation programs at public universities and private colleges. Alternative programs run by school districts and nonprofits would not be exempt. For the first time, the rating systems would reflect on how teacher candidates perform after graduation. The system would consider whether they accept jobs in their subject field, how long they stay and how their students perform academically. The proposed changes will not take effect immediately; states would not be required to issue report cards for teacher programs until April of 2019. Under the proposal, states would rate programs as \"low-performing,\" \"at-risk,\" \"effective\" or \"exceptional.\" Programs receiving ratings of \"low-performing\" or \"at-risk\" for two consecutive years would lose federal Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education grants, which give up to $4,000 a year to teacher preparation candidates who consent to work full time for four academic years in high-need fields and struggling schools. While there is no evidence these regulations will lead to improvement, the proposed plan does seem to be on the right track to prepare our country's teachers for the reality of the modern day U.S. classroom. It is in everyone's best interest to train teachers right from the start to ensure our students are getting the best instruction possible from day one. 3. Tightened rules for undocumented K-12 students. This year the Obama administration strengthened its stance on protecting public school students who are undocumented immigrants. The policy includes guidelines on appropriate and inappropriate enrollment practices and it takes the place of similar wording from 2011. The guidelines are just a small piece of a larger push for immigration reform from the Obama Administration. In 2011, Obama showed his support for immigrants and their right to education when he enacted the Dream Act that halted deportations of students and in some cases, their families. While the student portion of this legislation got a lot of attention, it also took a closer look at avoiding deportations of low-priority immigrants without criminal records. Immigration reform is certainly a hot topic in Washington, especially as education funding seems to always be feeling a tight squeeze. Providing education to undocumented immigrant children, however, is an investment in the future economy of the country and should be considered a right -- even for those who have entered the country illegally, but not of their own accord. 4. Worked to improve Native American education. President Barack Obama has pledged to work with tribal nations to make sure Native Americans have equal educational and economic opportunities. The President said the administration is determined to partner with tribes, and that the relationship with Washington and tribal nations is the strongest it has ever been. His intended efforts include the expansion of opportunity among Native Americans. Dozens of steps intended to improve the Bureau of Indian Education are being rolled out by the administration with the goal of boosting the academic achievement of Native American students, and also support economic development in tribal communities. The efforts include creating a blueprint for redesigning the Bureau of Indian Education and supporting digital learning by providing schools and dormitories with high-speed Internet. I am so glad that Obama recognizes the many issues Native Americans in this country are facing. They deserve to have equal education and economic opportunities like the rest of us. I think Obama's efforts are spot on and hope that very soon, Native Americans will benefit from the changes he has initiated. 5. Implemented a millennial initiative that targets student loan debt.The Obama Administration formed an initiative targeted at Millennials (currently ages 18 to 34) and some of their most important life issues, including student loan assistance, technology use, job placement and educational spending by the government. The President's emphasis on the cost of higher education will certainly appeal to Millennials, many of whom came of age during the economic decline and are still thousands of dollars in debt from student loans. Addressing these concerns, along with how the government should and will help Millennials work through them, shows an understanding from the administration that seems to be lacking on the other side of the aisle. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. It's no secret that Millennials are increasing in influence but also face financial insecurity. The Millennial age group is also the most dominant electoral group and is expected to show a lot of influence in the midterm elections. Addressing the issues of this youngest adult generation is smart because it impacts the rest of the country too. The more secure Millennials are in their careers, finances and other areas of life, the better off the country as a whole. 6. Announced a $1 billion early education investment. In December, President Obama announced $1 billion in early education investments that will come from a combination of public and private commitments. Speaking at the White House Summit on Early Education, the President laid out the details for Invest in US, a public awareness campaign meant to bring attention to the great need for high quality early childhood education throughout the country. The campaign will run in partnership with the First Five Years initiative and its participating philanthropic organizations. The President said that $333 million has already been committed by private partners, and another $750 million in federal funding will go towards programs like Early Head Start and the Preschool Development Grants. The President has been a staunch supporter of stronger early childhood education programs with federal backing since he first took office. This move represents more than just rhetoric, however. It shows the President's commitment to putting plans in motion to give American children, regardless of income, a chance to reap the proven benefits of early childhood endeavors. The first step to having K-12 students who are able to meet the academic demands of the contemporary classroom is to enroll those students first in strong preschool programs -- and that starts with making it affordable for all families. Did I miss anything? What would you add to the list? By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/how-the-sony-hack-is-chan_b_6403808": {"headline": "How the Sony Hack Is Changing the Way I Work", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["TECHNOLOGY", "SONY HACK", "SONY PICTURES"], "summary": "If the past two years have revealed anything, it's that every conceivable mode of communication comes with its share of serious privacy and security issues. Email can be hijacked, mail servers can be breached and malware can turn your smartphone into a peepshow.", "author": "Adam Levin", "text": "If the past two years have revealed anything, it's that every conceivable mode of communication comes with its share of serious privacy and security issues. Email can be hijacked, mail servers can be breached and malware can turn your smartphone into a peepshow. Wikileaks revealed that even our phone conversations are at risk. That said, don't panic! It's highly unlikely anyone is listening to your phone calls. (OK, it's possible, but you'd have to be incredibly sloppy or unlucky enough to download call-intercepting malware, or targeted by folks who can handle a price tag that hovers north of the million-dollar mark.) The more relevant point here is that the Big Data mills at the NSA that may or may not be crunching your calls don't care if you're negotiating the sale of Ford to General Motors, much less if you've been naughty or nice - unless you're a world leader or someone perceived as a threat to America. So what about the other, more likely ways you may be exposed? There are man-in-the-middle attacks that are fairly affordable for a hacker. There's malware from friend (hard to spot) and foe (you can't be alert to every danger every second of the day). It almost seems like the only way to be completely safe from intrusion is to have nothing you wouldn't want broadcast or skywritten on your smartphone, nothing you wouldn't want the world to know about in your browser history, not a single text message you want to keep private and no phone calls made or received that you don't want to share with Dr. Phil and his audience. This past year was nothing less than terrifying. JPMorgan Chase and Home Depot joined the ever-growing list of mega-breach victims. Sony Pictures was gutted, with career-killing emails sent hither and yon, servers erased and trade secrets and intellectual property joyously tossed like flower petals from a float in the Rose Bowl parade. The hack initially stopped the release of The Interview, costing the studio millions, and that's not taking into account future losses associated with class-action lawsuits brought by current and former employees whose personally identifiable information was stolen and published for the world to see, or enforcement actions by various and sundry state and federal regulators. It's major stuff. And then there were all those other cybercrimes of 2014. It all makes for a really uneasy feeling at the workplace. The trend here is simply too clear: Nothing is sacrosanct and nothing is beyond reach. And while there may be no way to keep prying eyes out of our email, there is a way to keep the most sensitive information pertaining to your business out of reach. With that thought foremost in my mind, it is, indeed, time to make some serious changes in 2015. Call me old-fashioned, but I think I'd rather take my chances with the government listening to my phone calls. How about you? When I say, \"phone call,\" I mean literally, like, on the phone -- and I say this because of all the ways we communicate, a landline affords the better shot at privacy and a more secure mode of communication. The act of getting out of a chair and walking down the corridor to talk to a colleague helps to burn off holiday excesses, builds inter-office rapport and can't be hacked. Email and text have supplanted the collegial walk-by. There are those who will say that it's not efficient to pick up the phone. I'm not sure I buy that. Email and text streamline workflow only in theory. Each is just a swipe or click away from the major time-sucks provided by social media. And the interaction that happens without the interference of keystrokes or thumbing a screen provides sparks that just don't happen in the dynamic-free zone of tit-for-tat correspondence. And again, a face-to-face or headset-to-headset conversation is probably the most secure mode of communication in the post-Sony hack world. I'm sure it will take some getting used to, but if anyone at my office needs a fast answer from me, I'm going to ask that whenever possible they tap my doorframe or give me call. Beyond the security considerations, the truth is that I actually like talking to people and I ultimately learn more about whatever it is we're talking about. For all their convenience, emails and texts are far from perfect modes of communication. Much meaning is lost when communicating by keystroke. Anyone who's emailed a sarcastic quip that was taken literally will confirm this. There are other options. Sony Pictures had to revert to communication via fax during the days following the hack, but faxes leave too much to chance since you never know who's waiting on the other end of your transmission, and there's the added possibility that you might dial a wrong number. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. If smoke signals weren't so easy to spot, I'd suggest that route. And while it's true that you never know when a fake cell tower's going to roll into your neighborhood, using the phone and having more face-to-face discussions at the office are perhaps the better ways to engage in team building in 2015 through a group commitment to data security. This story is an Op/Ed contribution to Credit.com and does not necessarily represent the views of the company or its affiliates."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/the-2015-gop-clown-car-bi_b_6402678": {"headline": "The 2015 GOP Clown Car: Bigger, Meaner, and More Dangerous Than Ever", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["SENATE REPUBLICANS", "WELFARE", "POLITICS"], "summary": "The most ridiculous comments seem to come from Republicans and I would defy anyone to say otherwise. I have yet to see anyone come up with a list of comments from liberals that comes close, in volume or content, to lists of stupid things Republicans or conservatives say on a fairly regular and consistent basis.", "author": "Richard Zombeck", "text": "Another year gone and another string of long-winded, factually inaccurate, and manufactured comments from the clowns in the Republican Party are behind us. With every passing year that the little clown car pulls up it seems to get a little bigger and every year more and more clowns pour out and step up to the podium to obfuscate and pontificate. Nearly everything they say would lead one to believe that they are impervious to reality and yet their statements are made in such a way and with such confidence that it's as if they had received the message from God Himself. When you pay attention to the news and politics as much as I do, you get to a point where a facepalm is a frequent occurrence. Eventually eye rolls are more common. And hopefully, if you've managed to maintain a shred of your sanity, you get the occasional chuckle out of hearing someone in politics bloviate about something they apparently know nothing about. Having any faith in humanity makes it hard to believe or accept that some of these folks actually believe what they're saying. Common sense would dictate otherwise, but not everyone is blessed with common sense. After all, people vote for morons, usually against their own best interest, and people watch FOX News despite evidence that the channel gets its facts wrong more than 50 percent of the time. In fact, Fox News host Sean Hannity got the award for \"Worst Host\" in a poll conducted by the Mediaite website. Mediaite asked fellow media members to pick the best and worst of cable news networks: Fox, MSNBC, and CNN. Respondents were told that their votes would be kept anonymous to encourage honesty. Hannity won hands down and he didn't take it well as evidenced by an epic, public, all caps, tantrum on Twitter. The most ridiculous comments seem to come from Republicans and I would defy anyone to say otherwise. I have yet to see anyone come up with a list of comments from liberals that comes close, in volume or content, to lists of stupid things Republicans or conservatives say on a fairly regular and consistent basis. It might be low hanging fruit, but there's a lot of it and every time one of them opens their mouths America becomes a little more ignorant. Hannity isn't alone. The Republicans, as a whole, have been wrong about nearly everything this past year. As Nobel Prize winning economist Paul Krugman writes in the New York Times: All year Americans have been bombarded with dire news reports portraying a world out of control and a clueless government with no idea what to do. Yet if you look back at what actually happened over the past year, you see something completely different. Amid all the derision, a number of major government policies worked just fine -- and the biggest successes involved the most derided policies. You'll never hear this on Fox News, but 2014 was a year in which the federal government, in particular, showed that it can do some important things very well if it wants to. There are some good points in the article and Krugman provides some clear examples of how the Republicans were ridiculously wrong about their cartoonish view of a tyrannical, weak, and useless government. Among the issues the right-wing clown machine got wrong were Ebola, the economy, and health care according to Krugman. While the GOP was busy spreading fear and propaganda, the rest of us watched as Ebola was not the epidemic that would wipe out the country the way the pre-midterm hysteria made it out to be. As it turns out the CDC (a government agency) knows what they're doing and America wasn't over run with Ebola or members of ISIS and Mexican drug cartels flesh-eating disease carrying zombies. The GOP gave it their best shot, though. Representative Phil Gingrey (GA) tried to tell us that illegal immigrants were carrying Ebola across the border via drug gangs: As a physician for over 30 years, I am well aware of the dangers infectious diseases pose. In fact, infectious diseases remain in the top 10 causes of death in the United States... Reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as swine flu, dengue fever, Ebola virus and tuberculosis are particularly concerning. Rep. Steve Stockman (TX) thought there was something more nefarious afoot and that any potential action or inaction by the federal government would somehow lead to American citizens losing their rights and freedom: It's just a strange non-response, a strange way of handling it and I think that if it does go forward and we do not control it, there may be an overreaction where the government starts taking away the rights of those that aren't that necessarily involved or need that to happen,\" he said. \"I hope that's not the case, but as you know this current government uses crisis to advance their philosophy and their agenda. In the end, conveniently after the midterms, it turned out that Ebola was limited to less than a half-dozen people in the U.S. and only one person died. We haven't heard about it since. The economy has improved dramatically. Private sector jobs are increasing, the stock market is going gangbusters, gas prices are down, and last quarter the economy showed the fastest growth in a decade. Forbes magazine even had the audacity to say that Obama's economy out-performed that of the GOPs lord and savior, the great Ronald Reagan. Not bad for a Muslim-Nazi-business-hating communist. That brings us to Obamacare, the single most hated GOP issue. Ten million more people with health insurance, most for the first time and tens of thousands of lives saved in a single year. Sure, the website didn't run too well for a month and that was covered ad nauseam on every news channel and pointed out by every member of the GOP around the clock, but when it comes to lives saved and made better? Crickets. Add to the obvious benefits that tens of thousands of bankruptcies and ruined lives that will be avoided. The media and the GOP went completely dark on the entire up-side. Apparently a lack of suffering doesn't make headlines. On Obamacare, Krugman writes: In fact, Year 1 surpassed expectations on every front. Remember claims that more people would lose insurance than gained it? Well, the number of Americans without insurance fell by around 10 million; members of the elite who have never been uninsured have no idea just how much positive difference that makes to people's lives. Remember claims that reform would break the budget? In reality, premiums were far less than predicted, overall health spending is moderating, and specific cost-control measures are doing very well. And all indications suggest that year two will be marked by further success. While the GOP fought affordable health care every step of the way by delaying, trying to repeal it, blocking, and even shutting down the government in the name of liberty, human suffering, and needless deaths, Obamacare remains, for now, a reality. The list of other things that Republicans were wrong about is fairly long, but here are a few that Krugman didn't get to that stand out. Marriage equality has been accepted by most of the country and children haven't magically become gay or started having sex with farm animals. Marijuana has been legalized for full use in two states and medical use in others and no cartels have taken over Midwestern towns -- in fact, drug cartels are out billions of dollars as a result. Obama's immigration policies haven't allowed swarms of illegal immigrants into the country with calves the size of cantaloupes and pregnant women from ISIS haven't dropped anchor babies on U.S. soil. Minimum wage has gone up in multiple states and corporations haven't moved to third world countries or had to apply for welfare. And you can now buy a Cuban cigar without being shot in the street. All in all, despite the GOPs best efforts, things have gone pretty well and some significant things have been accomplished. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. It's a new year though and the clown car about to be sworn in next week is bigger than ever with a majority in both the Senate and the House. A car full of gun loving, poor hating, veteran screwing, climate change denying, Wall Street deregulating, health care repealing, and wealthy old white man loving clowns. Their plans so far include repealing Dodd-Frank, cutting and privatizing social security, cutting pensions, defunding Obamacare, eliminating food stamps and welfare, raising taxes on the middle class and working poor, cutting taxes for the super-rich and corporations, and who knows how many other Benghazi, IRS, and impeachment hearings we'll have to endure. They have the numbers to do what they want and by this time next year we could be having a completely different conversation in a completely different country. While it hasn't been a great year, I'm thankful that the GOP has provided me with the low hanging fruit only they are capable of providing and I'm looking forward to 2015 and the prospect of more ridiculous claims and comments. Read more at nowitcounts.com By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/getting-warmer-in-my-onli_b_6403694": {"headline": "Getting Warmer in My Online Search for Love", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["FIFTY", "NEW YEAR RESOLUTIONS", "ONLINE DATING"], "summary": "Being with both the new and young love of my daughter and her British husband as well as the seasoned love of his parents has renewed my commitment to experience a great love of my own.", "author": "Elyse Jacobs", "text": "A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle. This slogan from decades ago followed me from jetlagged sleep into wakefulness. While I'd never purchased that particular t-shirt, I admit subscribing to it. I have armored myself with self-sufficiency for so long I have almost forgotten my need for a man. While I readily admit to deeply desiring love, needing it is distasteful. To admit the truth of that feels so, well, needy. And thus another obstacle on the path to love and online dating was revealed to me. Having just returned from the midst of great holiday family love in the UK, I am glowing from the experience. Being with both the new and young love of my daughter and her British husband as well as the seasoned love of his parents has renewed my commitment to experience a great love of my own. During this time of light and miracles, being inside the blended love of our two families allowed for the feeling I desire with a beloved. Having participated fully in the experience and been given so much, I feel urged to extend it outwards. While giving love to cherished family, friends, children and assorted animals, trees and flowers is easy, I want to move out of my comfort zone. I could begin practicing now with people I have yet to know, enjoying the moment, as is, without an agenda. I could let the abundance of love I am feeling flow out into the world as compassion. The last time I felt deeply moved to reach out to a stranger was when I noticed a homeless person sleeping in a doorway one very cold San Francisco night. Feeling the impulse to cover her, I went home and found one of my New York coats and returned to where she remained sleeping in her thin jacket. As I gently placed it, attempting not to wake her, she leaped up, screamed relentlessly at me through clinched teeth in an invented language. I leaped back almost knocking over a passer-by and muttering, \"No good deed goes unpunished.\" Later, I realized I had startled her. It was I who had chosen the coat for her. She hadn't requested it nor did she see it as a gift or an improvement on her condition. As what occurs often in online dating, they just weren't a match; more like an arranged marriage that she was having no part of. I do not give up easily. While not everyone will want what I have to offer, some will. Those are the people I want to engage with. I feel that New Year optimism of 2015 bringing forth amazing opportunities and fantastic new people. In clearing the way for this change to occur, I am cleansing both my home and psyche of that which no longer serves me. The need to remain emotionally safe by not expressing my needs, even to myself, will be first on my Letting Go list. I'm working with mentors on this one. On the material plane, the lime green velour sweater, despite its sentimental value, was somewhat easier to dispense of. This time, remembering my last attempt at offering warm clothing, I strategically placed the sweater on a park bench where many homeless people gather. Upon returning from my errands, I found it gone. My sweater had found its match. Time will tell if being more transparent will have a similar impact for me in 2015. Hopefully, like the person who chose my sweater, I, too, am getting warmer in my search for love. HAPPY NEW YEAR. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/the-breakthrough-with-cuba_b_6401040": {"headline": "The Breakthrough With Cuba: How It Happened and What Happens Next", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["RAUL CASTRO", "CUBA", "CUBAN EMBARGO"], "summary": "Most of the foreign-policy establishment concluded long ago that Washington's policy of hostility toward Havana made no sense, but because Cuba was a low priority issue during Obama's first term, establishment figures rarely spoke out about it -- until they began to sense that the policy was in flux.", "author": "William M. LeoGrande", "text": "For weeks, rumors had been swirling around Washington and Havana that changes in U.S. policy toward Cuba were in the works. Then, on December 17, President Barack Obama and President Ra\u00fal Castro made simultaneous announcements of a radical change in relations between the two countries. Not only would USAID subcontractor Alan Gross and the three remaining Cubans spies of the Cuban Five be going home -- which was the deal most observers had anticipated -- but Cuba and the United States also would expand trade and travel, and restore full diplomatic relations. Although President Obama had said repeatedly that he thought the old policy of isolation and hostility toward Havana no longer made any sense, for six years he did little to change it. Then in one announcement, he reversed 50 years of U.S. policy, completely revamping the basic framework and premises of the relationship. What happened to finally break the log-jam? First, the political calculus changed. Recent polls from the Atlantic Council and Florida International University showed that the public in general and Cuban-Americans in particular supported reconciliation between Washington and Havana. Comments by prominent exiles like Alfie Fanjul and the Barcardi family expressing a desire to do business in Cuba showed that even stalwart anti-Castro leaders in the community were ready for change. Hillary Clinton's public declaration that the embargo ought to be lifted, and former Governor Charlie Crist's promise to go to Cuba during his gubernatorial run indicated that seasoned politicians recognized the shifting mood of the electorate. Weighing the evidence, the White House concluded that Cuba was no longer the third rail of Florida politics. And of course, Obama doesn't have to run for re-election anyway. The president deferred to Florida Democrats by not acting until after the mid-term elections, just as he did in 2010 when he delayed announcing more liberal travel regulations until January 2011. But the political decision to do something on Cuba had already been made and negotiations with Havana were already underway. Most of the foreign-policy establishment concluded long ago that Washington's policy of hostility toward Havana made no sense, but because Cuba was a low priority issue during Obama's first term, establishment figures rarely spoke out about it -- until they began to sense that the policy was in flux. When 44 former U.S. government officials signed an open letter to the president in May 2014 urging him to deepen U.S. engagement with the island, Cuba-watchers speculated that something must be afoot. Hardliners who opposed any change in U.S. policy (except to make it tougher) thought so, too, because they counter-attacked with a letter of their own signed by 17 members of Congress urging Obama to stand firm. Then the New York Times editorial board weighed in with not one but six editorials urging dramatic changes in policy toward Cuba. The unprecedented barrage of long, tightly argued pieces reverberated across the country, prompting both the Washington Post and Miami Herald to run counterpoints urging Obama to leave the policy of hostility in place. Surely, the rumor mill speculated, the venerable New York Times would not run such a series of editorials without at least talking with administration officials. And surely they would not waste so much ink if the White House signaled that the policy was set in stone. Ergo, the policy must be ripe for change. With a Republican Congress, Obama had no choice but to rely on executive authority to make the opening to Cuba. His willingness to use that power expansively on immigration reform implied that he realized any achievements during his last two years in office would have to be made despite Congress rather than with it. The Republican threats of lawsuits and appropriations cuts over immigration reform did not deter him from flexing his executive muscles yet again on Cuba, even if it meant throwing gasoline on the partisan political fire. Among Obama's initiatives is a directive to Secretary of State John Kerry to review Cuba's inclusion in the State Department's list of countries that sponsor international terrorism. Presumably, Kerry will remove Cuba from the list since there's no sensible rationale for it still being there. But taking Cuba off the terrorism list requires notification of Congress, which will give the likes of Senators Bob Menendez, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz a forum and an opportunity to lambast Obama's new policy. During the early December confirmation hearing for Tony Blinken, Obama's nominee to be Deputy Secretary of State, Menendez threatened a \"very significant response\" if the president changed Cuba policy without first consulting him. The other opportunity for the senators to howl will come when Obama nominates our new ambassador to Cuba. But even if Menendez and Cruz keep the nomination bottled up in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, they cannot prevent the president from re-establishing full diplomatic relations with Cuba. Article II of the Constitution vests that power exclusively with the president. Having just coauthored a book with Peter Kornbluh on secret diplomacy (Back Channel to Cuba: The Hidden History of Negotiations between Washington and Havana), I wondered in the weeks leading up to the historic announcement whether secret talks might already be underway with Cuba. Now we know that these talks followed a classic pattern: only a handful of officials knew about the negotiations; the talks were held outside the country to avoid discovery; and the bargaining went on for months to produce an accord. But the scope of the resulting agreements is unprecedented in U.S.-Cuban relations, and the negotiators on both sides deserve enormous credit for bringing the talks to fruition. In April, the presidents of the Americas will convene in Panama for their Seventh Summit, and for the first time Cuba will be included. Obama's new Cuba policy is extraordinarily popular in Latin America, and the good will it has engendered will go far to revitalize U.S. relations with the entire hemisphere. The summit will also give Ra\u00fal Castro and Barack Obama an opportunity to talk in person about the next steps in the new relationship. When Richard Nixon went to China in 1972, the world breathed a sigh of relief that U.S. policy was finally getting back in touch with reality. On December 17, Barack Obama took an equally bold step by finally ending the cold war in the Caribbean. The reaction at home and abroad has been overwhelmingly positive, a few churlish conservative critics notwithstanding. Many loose ends remain to be tied up before the United States and Cuba will have fully normal relations, but a new chapter has been opened, and the idea of going back to the past already seems ridiculous and impossible. William M. LeoGrande is Professor of Government at American University and coauthor with Peter Kornbluh of the recent book, Back Channel to Cuba: The Hidden History of Negotiations between Washington and Havana. This post is part of a Huffington Post blog series called \"90 Miles: Rethinking the Future of U.S.-Cuba Relations.\" The series puts the spotlight on the emerging relations between two long-standing Western Hemisphere foes and will feature pre-eminent thought leaders from the public and private sectors, academia, the NGO community and prominent observers from both countries. Read all the other posts in the series here. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. If you'd like to contribute your own blog on this topic, send a 500-850-word post to impactblogs@huffingtonpost.com (subject line: \"90 Miles\")."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/women-in-business-qa-kris_b_6403628": {"headline": "Women in Business Q&A: Kristen Hamilton, CEO of Koru", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["BUSINESS", "EDUCATION", "WOMEN IN BUSINESS"], "summary": "How has your life experience made you the leader you are today? \"This is an ongoing process. I try hard to be 'always learning.'\"", "author": "Laura Emily Dunn", "text": "Kristen Hamilton is CEO of Koru, a Seattle-based company that provides career training and coaching to recent college grads. Before serving as Koru's CEO, Kristen worked as COO of a global non-profit, launched mobile media devices for a Fortune 100 company and helped take Onvia, which she co-founded, public. How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?\nThis is an ongoing process. I try hard to be \"always learning.\"\n\nI grew up on a farm in Canada. We all want purpose and meaning in our work -- it's the human condition. However, I learned from a young age that hard work itself is meaningful because of how it makes us feel to fully commit ourselves to something difficult and get it done.\n\nI had an insatiable curiosity and because of it, I learned by doing. I was always throwing myself into the unknown because I was curious or I wanted adventure. It taught me that failure is an important step in learning and growing. I would try something, often impulsively because it seemed interesting, make a mistake and correct it fast in order to keep going.\n\nMy current business, Koru, is founded on the concept of \"learning by doing.\" And as a leader, one of my favorite mottos is \"fail fast and cheap.\" Avoiding failure cuts off our opportunity for learning. Try things, and be willing to let go fast if it's failing. It's the only way to innovate.\n\nHow has your previous employment experience aided your tenure at Koru?\nI took a year off before I went to college and lived and worked in Germany and Cyprus. That gap year gave me more real-world experience than my four years at university.\n\nAfter college, I worked in consulting for a number of years. I was constantly building strategy, framing problems and needing to work harder than I thought possible. I then co-founded and scaled a company, Onvia, from an idea to a public company. I learned how important it is to be purposeful about building a culture and how hard it is to hire good people fast. I then worked for World Learning, a global non-profit, and Microsoft, with dozens of it's subsidiaries. A valuable lesson I learned from these large and dispersed organizations is that the most valuable information is closest to the customer, in the minds of those who are with them from day to day. I ask customer-facing team members a lot of open-ended questions, and invite their voices into conversations about things like product, marketing and strategy.\n\nI learned how important a clear sense of mission is to the making of a great company, and that the ones I admire most are led by inspired, principle-driven people with a purposeful approach to culture.\n\nI've brought a little bit of all these experiences to Koru. We are working on having a huge impact and solving a really big and important problem: obliterating the statistic that 53 percent of recent college grads are un- or underemployed. We've built something that leverages \"experience\" as the best form of learning, we have assembled the best possible team to solve this problem, and we've ignited a culture that's based on a set of principles we passionately believe in.\n\nWhat have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at Koru?\nThe first years of running a startup that is working well are like a game of Whack-a-Mole. You just have one fuzzy hammer (limited resources) and there's always a field of problems that pop-up unexpectedly.\n\nThat being said, it's exhilarating. I've been awed by the commitment of our team, what we've been able to achieve in our first year, and the integrity and character with which we've done it. I'm especially grateful to have won the co-founder lottery. It's statistically difficult to find a good partner to start a company with. I think Josh and I have the right Venn diagram of similarities, differences, personalities, temperament and appetite for impact to make it a great match.\n\nWhat advice can you offer to women who want to start their own business?\nI'd give the same advice to anyone wanting to start their own business.\n\nFirst -- Choose a problem, not a product/service/solution. You can have a cool product idea, but all successful businesses solve a specific problem for a particular customer. Ask the potential customer about their problem for as long as it takes for the solution to start unveiling itself.\n\nSecond -- Be sure it's a problem you care so much about that it almost tortures you not to solve it. Starting a business is very hard and it will consume your life. Also, make sure you are aware of market trends, and land your business at the crest of a wave. It's hard enough to start a business. Don't make it impossible by working against nature.\n\nThird -- Ask yourself what you are willing to give up to solve the problem and be really honest with yourself. You will make compromises and other aspects of your life will get less of your attention. I suggest trying to keep as much constant in your life as possible when you start a business, and be clear about what you'll give up to make room in your life for your newly beloved company.\n\nFourth -- Gather the brightest minds and hold an ideation session. One of the most important things I did was to make a list of all the people I knew (or wanted to know) who could help me with a first vision for how to address the problem. In our case, the problem was the 53% unemployment and underemployment rate of college graduates in the US. We had a two-day ideation session and in that time, we pushed thinking forward more than I could have in six months on my own. I also found my co-founder.\n\nWhat is the most important lesson you've learned in your career to date?\nAnything is possible, but not everything is possible. Harness the best available information from the right sources, make choices and move forward. That, and if you take your time to figure out what your dream is and share it with people you have developed an authentic relationship with, people will go out of their way to help you achieve those dreams, as audacious as they may be.\n\nHow do you maintain a work/life balance?\nI stop pretending to. I forgive myself for letting the balance swing one way or the other, and try to make good choices. On his deathbed, my grandfather Jack's advice to his oldest son was: \"Have Fun.\" Fun and love are two of life's most important ingredients. I try to honor Jack's wisdom and make more room for fun and love, and less for guilt and shame.\n\nWhat do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?\nThis is something I am asked quite often, and I've realized that I have a different view than most Americans. An important caveat here -- I'm not an authority, and am still trying to figure this out for myself.\n\nI think that the biggest issue for women in the workplace is worrying about women's issues in the workplace.\n\nSome context first. I was raised in a place, Quebec, where women (particularly in the French culture) are, more often than not, running the show. There was a set of spoken and unspoken assumptions that we could do anything we set our minds to, as long as we worked hard for it. I remember my father, who raised me, telling me at a young age that I could be prime-minister of Canada if I set my mind to it. I never had any other context. Here's what I think -- inequity problems won't be truly solved by debating or discussing issues. We should all be the future we hope for. I can't say what this means for others, but for me, it means always trying to be my best, assuming good intent in others and keeping my eye on the prize.\nI'm not ignoring reality. I know the statistics. And when I say to be the future you imagine, there is nothing passive about it. I make a habit of shutting down haters. If someone is sexist with me in the room, I'll do what I can to call it out, even use positional and personal power to embarrass them if it's really bad. I'm choosing to envision (and create) a world where everyone commits to using whatever power they have in any circumstance to shut down prejudice.\n\nHow has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?\nA great mentor of mine was the first venture investor in my first business, Nancy. She studied engineering in college, and was VP of Engineering at a top tech company and headed a top tier venture fund in Silicon Valley. She was the first woman I witnessed and experienced as an exceptional, superlative leader by behaving as an equal to those around her, and never letting the fact that she lived her whole career in a \"man's world\" be a factor. She inspired me to be who and how I am.\n\nWhich other female leaders do you admire and why?\nI admire lots of leaders, male and female, and tend not to put them in separate categories. The women who have inspired me in particular are generally trailblazers who I've had direct experience with and who I've witnessed as inspired leaders, especially in challenging times.\n\nThey are:\n\u00b7 Carol Bellamy, former head of UNICEF and my boss at World Learning\n\u00b7 Nancy Schoendorf, Venture Capitalist\n\u00b7 Judy Kirton, my riding coach\n\u00b7 Mary Gibb-Carsley, my grandmother\n\nWhat do you want Koru to accomplish in the next year?\nTwo things -\n\nGet the word out to every college graduate in the US that Koru is here to help them on the path to a meaningful and lucrative career.\n\nEstablish Koru as the most trusted source for high growth employers to hire top entry-level talent."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/germany-anti-muslim-marches_n_6403532": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/how-to-become-a-morning-p_b_6200682": {"headline": "How to Become a Morning Person", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["HEALTHY LIVING", "HOW TO BE A MORNING PERSON", "MORNING PERSON"], "summary": "Most of us would love to be morning people. We've heard about the benefits of waking up early time and time again. But it's easier said than done, and good intentions alone don't go very far. You need actionable, can-do strategies to make lasting change.", "author": "Rachel Rofe", "text": "You've probably heard it since you were little: \"The early bird catches the worm.\" \"Good for the worm,\" you might think. \"I'm hitting snooze.\" Most of us would love to be morning people. We've heard about the benefits of waking up early time and time again. But it's easier said than done, and good intentions alone don't go very far. You need actionable, can-do strategies to make lasting change. Here are some battle-tested tips you can use to go from annoyed to animated every morning: Have your first activity of the day be something you love. It's a lot easier to get out of bed when you have something to look forward to. Create a great playlist, save a podcast you want to listen to for your morning walk, or schedule an exercise class with a friend. Plan out the \"hard\" things the night before. If you drink a morning smoothie, have everything pre-cut and ready to go in a Ziploc bag. If you want to exercise in the morning, have your workout clothes ready -- or even sleep in them. When you prepare in advance, getting up doesn't feel like as much work. Go to bed earlier. This isn't new, but consider the time you spend watching TV or surfing the Web. If you can cut that out in service to making lifestyle changes that make you feel a lot better, your quality of life may exponentially increase. It's worth testing, right? Set an alarm clock at night. Have an alarm clock that reminds you when it's an hour away from bedtime. Start shutting your electronics down and doing any other nighttime rituals you need to do. Put your alarm clock across the room. Hitting \"snooze\" over and over in the morning isn't giving you any quality sleep, so you may as well just get up when your alarm goes off. Once you get out of your comfortable bed to shut it off, it's a lot more likely that you'll stay up. Commit to waking up early for 21 days. Commit to waking up, even through the discomfort, an hour earlier every day for 21 days. Whenever you don't feel like doing it, remind yourself that it's only for 21 days. Some say it takes 21 days to create a habit, while others say that's a myth. Either way, committing for only 21 days is a great way to \"trick\" yourself. When you see how good you feel, you'll likely want to keep doing it. Become accountable with a friend who also wants to wake up earlier. Set a time for both of you to wake up. Text each other to show you've done it. Accountability is a very powerful motivator. Get perspective. The amazing Hal Elrod said in an interview, \"When the alarm clock goes off in the morning, it's life's first gift to you. But it's also life's first challenge or test. You say you want an extraordinary life, but the message we send to the universe is 'Well, no, no, no. I don't want it as bad as I want to lay here unconscious for another nine or ten minutes.' Then the alarm goes off again, and it's like, 'Yeah... I could wake up and become a better version of myself but I'm too lazy. I just want to lay, I don't have the discipline.'\" Remind yourself of this when you'd rather lay in bed -- it's powerful. Visualize yourself waking up early the next morning. Feel how it feels, what you see, and how you move throughout your day. Many people swear by this method. Remind yourself what the benefits will be. When your alarm goes off and you'd rather keep sleeping, remind yourself that you're about to get some \"me\" time, that you're going to be becoming healthier, or that you'll be enjoying some endorphins if you plan on exercising first. You can also feel proud of yourself for committing to something and sticking with it. Create a reward. If you're motivated by pleasure, tell yourself that if you wake up earlier for \"x\" days in a row, you'll reward yourself with something that you love. Maybe you buy yourself a present, take a day off, or do something else that will motivate you. Create a consequence. If you're motivated by pain, figure out what happens if you don't wake up earlier. Maybe you'll just be angry with yourself, maybe you'll feel like a failure, or keep having a life you're not proud of. You might also have to give money to a friend or do something embarrassing. You'll know what motivates you the most. Take deep breaths before you go to bed. If you're going to bed with stress and anxiety on your mind, it'll be a lot tougher to fall asleep and/or have high quality sleep. Take several deep breaths before you go to bed to help calm down your nervous system. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. If all else fails, start slowly. If you've tried other things and you just can't wake up 30-60 minutes earlier, try doing it gradually. Set your alarm clock 15 minutes earlier than you normally get up for a few days, then 30 minutes, then 45, and then 60. It might make it easier if your sleep routine isn't that different. Your changes never need to feel too drastic, but making small commitments can add up to some major long-term results. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/kim-cosby-and-kim-2014s-g_b_6403472": {"headline": "Kim, Cosby and Kim: 2014's Greatest Fails", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["DONALD STERLING", "JOAN RIVERS", "DICK CHENEY"], "summary": "While the prospect of patching up the road ahead may be bumpy, especially when you trudge through the potholes of 2014, some past wisdom may help us along the way.", "author": "Steve Young", "text": "MY PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER Column (12/31/2014) 2014. Wow. What a fantabulous year for humanity. Getting killed seemed to be more a crime than the act of killing. Comedy lost Robin Williams, Joan Rivers and Bill Cosby. The only one getting hit harder than a defenseless NFL quarterback was a defenseless NFL fianc\u00e9. The deadly Ebola epidemic was set to wipe out most of the U.S. population until it was miraculously thwarted away from our shores when scientists came up with the cure: November 4 mid-term election. Same-sex marriage bans were deemed illegal in 35 states tearing apart most every respectable straight marriage in those states. North Korea took over the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) film rating system and worst of all, marijuana became legal in...hey look, a cow. Even if you do not believe good can come from bad, negative news may just be the balance in life we need to survive. As Martin Seligman Ph.D., Director of Positive Psychology Center at the University of Pennsylvania said, \"If we just wanted positive emotions, our species would have died out a long time ago.\" What we can learn from our missteps and adversity will many times offset the failures. While the prospect of patching up the road ahead may be bumpy, especially when you trudge through the potholes of 2014, some past wisdom may help us along the way. I think the enemy is self-censorship. In a free society the biggest danger is that you're afraid to the point where you censor yourself. - Tim Robbins Sony Pictures pulled the film, The Interview, which fictionalizes the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, due to threats from North Korean hackers threatening 9-11 type attacks if the film is distributed and yet not a peep about A Haunted House 2. Would it be that the hackers knew how much more civilization is being damaged by Kevin Hart and Adam Sandler films. Now Transylvania is promising a blood bath if Vampire Academy is not pulled from Netflix. When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us. -Alexander Graham Bell Like the past few years, the Phillies continued to say they've got what it takes to give fans a great time. What they mean is that they're giving fans plenty of opportunities to go to Great Adventures on game days. For many it had a certain attraction. I think they call it gravity. -Ronnie Shakes Kim Kardashian exposed most of her substantial naked derriere to our naked eyes for the first issue of Paper Magazine. Torture fails to make us safe, but it certainly makes us less free. -Jerrold Nadler The recently released Torture Report has been criticized in many corners but National Football League Commissioner Roger Goodell said it's a good step in straightening out the league. The only real opposition came from Former Vice President Dick Cheney who felt that rectal feeding of opposing quarterbacks should be allowed during the last two minutes of the game. Racism hurts everyone, including racists themselves. -DaShanne Stokes National Basketball Association banned Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling for life in response to a leaked recording in which Sterling made racist remarks. On the other hand, 2014 marked the biggest outbreak of unarmed black men mysteriously being murdered...by no one. There are a few people who truly, truly walk the talk. -Olympia Dukakis Bill Cosby, Jello and an alleged rapist: Which one doesn't belong? The second comma. Momma, don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys. -Patsy and Ed Bruce New Jersey governor sat with Dallas Cowboy owner Jerry Jones during the Cowboy-Philadelphia Eagles game, a game played at the Linc, about a Walt Whitman Bridge throw from New Jersey. By showing us live coverage of every bad thing happening everywhere in the world, cable news makes life seem like it's just an endless string of disasters - when, for most people in most places today, life is fairly good. -Gregg Easterbrook A Malaysia airliner disappeared over the Gulf of Thailand with 239 people on board. We know this because cable news told us 23 hours a day for more than a month. It's gotten to the point that the only good reason for reading a newspaper is because it can be extremely helpful in a tedious trivia game.\" -Unknown On January 1 Latvia officially adopted the Euro as its currency becoming the 18th member of the Eurozone. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Steve Young is the author of \"Great Failures of the Extremely Successful...Mistakes, Adversity, Failure and Other Steppingstones to Success. (www.greatfailure.com) By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/bashar-assad-syria_n_6403448": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/pope-francis-human-trafficking-_n_6403352": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/jeb-bush-board-posts_n_6403004": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/new-year-reflections-on-t_b_6402922": {"headline": "New Year Reflections on the U.S. Global Role and Its Limits", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["ROMAN EMPIRE", "POLITICS", "SOVIET EMPIRE"], "summary": "What is it about our contemporary political role that makes so much of what we attempt to do abroad ultimately self-defeating?", "author": "David Coates", "text": "The first hours of a new year are always an ideal time for people across the globe to reflect on their contemporary condition. They are an ideal moment to look back, in the hope that serious reflection now can improve conditions going forward. And it is particularly vital that we in America take this moment of reflection as this new year begins, given the enormity of the impact of our condition on the rest of the global order. In the last days of 2014, the Obama administration made much of the formal ending of the war in Afghanistan -- the longest war in American history now supposedly finally over. But in truth it is not finally over. Significant numbers of American troops are still deployed in Afghanistan, and will be for the foreseeable future; and in any case the Afghan war is simply part of a wider set of military engagements by American forces in the region that remain on-going. As the Obama Administration claims closure in Afghanistan, it continues to wage war in the Middle East - America's third such war since 9/11 -- leading the military campaign against ISIS, even though the US commander of special forces in the Middle East is recently on record as admitting that \"we do not understand the movement, and [that] until we do, we are not going to defeat it.\" For as James Fallows commented at length in the current edition of The Atlantic, in spite of all our enormous expenditure on military personnel and equipment America keeps losing wars - or if not completely losing them, then at least regularly failing to translate superior US military capacity into desirable political settlements. For far too often for comfort, the more our men and women in uniform are deployed abroad, the more intransigent seem to be the problems that their deployment is designed to resolve. America may be the world's dominant super-power, and according to its own lights uniquely benign in that role, but the world it seeks to dominate is proving remarkably resistant to that supposedly benign dominance. So perhaps now is a good time to ask why? What is it about our contemporary political role that makes so much of what we attempt to do abroad ultimately self-defeating? Is the American military presence abroad really as benign and as indispensable as our political leaders regularly insist that it is? And if it is, why is that not universally recognized? I One way of answering such questions is to note that the United States is not the first global power to experience limits on its capacity to shape events beyond its shores, nor is it likely to be the last. For the past two millennia at least, other political systems -- not least those of Ancient Rome, early-modern Spain, nineteenth-century Britain, and Russia under both the Czars and the Soviets -- have for a significant period of time exercised political domain over wide areas of the then known world. But unlike the contemporary United States, each of those imperial adventures eventually came to a desultory end. Power won became power lost -- and often lost in both a dramatic and an irreversible fashion. If the United States is not one-day soon to repeat this standard imperial pattern of ascendancy, hegemony and decline, those who govern us now might do well to reflect upon the necessary limits of empire that these early examples of global dominance so clearly demonstrate. For these are limits that could one day also apply to the United States, and could do so regardless of how often conservative political commentators insist that the American role abroad is not in any meaningful sense imperial at all. Really -- not imperial at all? Well, consider America's contemporary condition in the light of at least these four regularly-visible limits of empire. Military Limits In the end, there always seems to be a serious military problem with empires. Empires cost a lot to build and a lot to maintain: a lot in money terms, a lot in terms of manpower and a lot in terms of political capital. Empires also invariably meet both resistance and push back from within the empire, and competition from other imperial entities beyond their borders, both of which ultimately inflate those costs substantially. This pattern of costs and resistance was very clear in the Soviet case, where ultimately the burden of Cold War competition and internal repression overwhelmed an economy stagnant for other reasons, and left the Soviet Union immersed in an Afghan war that it could not win and from which eventually it had ignominiously to withdraw. A similar pattern of imperial-overstretch brought Spanish power to an equally ignominious end in the Treaties of Westphalia and the Pyrenees between 1648 and 1659; and swept the British out of South-East Asia in 1942 and India by 1947. Empires regularly discover, that is, the truth of Talleyrand's often-quoted remark to Napoleon \"that you can do anything with a bayonet except sit on it.\" Armies are so much better at winning power than at retaining it; and the costs of having to continually relearn this simple truth are surely ones that this time we will do well to avoid. Political Limits Military pushback against imperial rule would appear to be only one facet of a more general feature of empires: namely that they become more difficult to rule the larger they are and the longer they last. Partly this is because geographical size and communication capacity have historically been in tension. Certainly until the age of the internet, the farther away imperial subjects were from the metropolitan center, the longer it took for information and instructions to pass between them and those who ruled them. In the past, big empires were always based on indirect rule, and that indirect rule always and of necessity provided a space for resistance: either resistance by the traditional elites doing the local ruling, or by those they ruled venting their frustration with the colonial set-up at both the local and the metropolitan level. Settler colonies in particular were supremely difficult to effectively discipline from the metropolitan center, as Britain ultimately found to its great cost in the American case. The internet has now shrunk those distances, of course, but it has not taken them entirely away; and in any event the governance problems of empire invariably run deeper than simply issues of distance. For any difficulty the center has in controlling the periphery is normally matched, in grand global adventures of the contemporary American kind, by problems of control at (and over) the center itself. Even democratic governments with global pretensions have difficulty avoiding the emergence of an imperial presidency -- one which, though democratically elected, slips inexorably into non- or even anti-democratic practices in the defense of imperial power far away from its own shores. At the height of the Roman Empire, faced with issues of this kind, the republic rapidly gave way to what was effectively a monarchy. Modern empires don't inevitably collapse in that fashion, but they do face a similar problem of excessive executive autonomy. We need only think of the problem of executive capacity in the Washington DC of George w. Bush and Dick Cheney to recognize the persistence of that problem. Economic Limits It's not all bad news for empires, of course. Empires in their prime also attract a lot of subsidy. They take things from peoples less powerful than themselves, and do so with relative ease because of that imbalance of military capacity. They also find borrowing resources from others outside the empire easier than it might otherwise be because the collateral asked of them on such borrowing is invariably low, relative to the borrowing capacity of non-empires. In financial as well as in military terms, that is, power and privilege goes together. However, this financial arbitrage inevitably comes at a serious long term price, for empires at times enjoy a credit rating that is too good for their own long term viability. At the very least, empires tend to end up (as in the British case) with a serious division of interests between their financial and manufacturing sectors. At the very worst (as with Spain) for all their wealth, empires still end up dependent on credit provided by bankers based in circuits of capital that lie outside the territorial reach of the empire itself, credit which if withheld leaves the imperial army unpaid and the imperial military capacity momentarily out of central control. Armies win imperial control, but it is bankers who eventually determine if it can be sustained. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Moreover, obtaining things easily because of imperial preference invariably weakens the ability of empires to generate those things themselves. It frees them from any immediate confrontation with the reality of market forces; and it alters the relative weight within their underlying economy of the sectors that manufacture things and those that merely play with money. Empires, as they succeed, invariably undermine the economic superiority on which that rise had initially been predicated. With Wall Street continuing to bounce back from the 2008 recession on a scale yet unmatched by Main Street, and with US-owned companies increasingly shifting their production off-shore in a global economy made safe for them by the US navy, it is hard not to see history repeating itself: first Rome, then Spain, England and now the United States. Cultural Limits Finally this: even privileged elites within dominant empires tend to wake up to the dangers of the erosion of the competitive strength of their domestic economy, if they wake up to it at all, too late. Empires rise but they also decline -- sometimes slowly, sometimes abruptly -- in part because both their governing classes (and their central populations) come over time to believe more and more in the naturalness and permanence of that superiority. They come to take their global position of power for granted, and lose sight of the very special conditions necessary for its retention and growth. They also come to swallow much of their own imperial rhetoric, so progressively losing the capacity to understand their own growing unpopularity in far-flung parts of the empire. A heightened tolerance of war, a double-standard in relation to the legitimacy of violence (alright if we inflict it on others but not alright if they inflict it on us), even a blindness to both the violence of poverty at home and the violence of empire abroad: all these seem to be inevitable features of the culture of empire. For although the specific content of ideas and claims differs empire by empire, the general character of the imperial mindset does not. It is always a mixture of excessive hubris and growing ignorance: hubris about the intellectual or racial superiority of the imperial culture, growing ignorance about the depth and complexity of cultures on the imperial periphery. As the global reach of an empire increases, so too does its cultural parochialism. Some empires, like the British, fall in total self-delusion. Others, like the Russian, fall when that self-delusion is possible no more. II Some high-quality imperial scholarship clings resolutely to the view that empires are a good thing, and that the possession of one is a sign of both present and future strength. But the bulk of the evidence available to us on the character and trajectory of global power would suggest otherwise. It would suggest that empires grow strong only because powers around them grow weak, and that imperial stability is more a function of that continuing weakness than it is of factors exceptional and special to the global power itself. It would suggest that empires fool themselves if they think that their superiority is endemic rather than contingent, and a reflection of their inner strengths rather than of others' external weaknesses. Take those external weaknesses away, and imperial decline seems to follow as surely as night follows day. The bulk of the evidence would suggest too that empires begin militarily strong, politically focused, economically advanced, socially cohesive and culturally dynamic; but that invariably they end up militarily exhausted, politically gridlocked, economically weakened, socially divided and culturally depleted. By almost any measure, there is plenty of military exhaustion, political stalemate, economic erosion, social division and cultural deprivation in contemporary America. Which is why -- as the New Year begins, and before the detail of day-to-day politics again drowns out the space for quiet reflection -- it is worth pondering whether any of that exhaustion, stalemate, erosion, division and depletion is the product of the presence in the modern world of something that we might properly recognize as an American empire. Originally posted, with full sourcing, at www.davidcoates.net This argument is developed more fully in David Coates, America in the Shadow of Empires By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/beyond-selma---writing-th_b_6402740": {"headline": "Beyond Selma - Writing the Next Chapter in American Civil Rights History", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["VOTER SUPPRESSION", "SELMA", "POLITICS"], "summary": "James Chaney, Andrew Goodman and Mickey Schwerner among others were killed for this most fundamental right -- the right to vote. They cannot cry for justice, instead it is the duty of the living to do so for them. I'm going to Selma.", "author": "Bennet Kelley", "text": "In November 2012, I worked with the Obama campaign's anti-voter suppression efforts in Florida. I was shocked when I saw that voters in largely Hispanic and African-American areas were forced to wait hours and hours to vote by design. The state had cut early voting from 14 to 6 days and added 11 constitutional amendments to the ballot (some written out in full) to make it more time consuming to vote such that one legislator compared the ballot to the Book of Leviticus. I also was told authorities did not deploy all available ballot boxes. Tasked with encouraging voters to wait for over 3 hours until 10:30 p.m. on a Saturday, I was struck with how little needed to be done. They knew why they were waiting and that only made them more determined to vote. I was reminded of the song \"Ain't Gonna Let Nobody Turn Me Round\" and the voting rights marches in Selma during the Civil Rights era and thought how sad it is that here we stand nearly 50 years after Selma and African-Americans still had to fight for their right to vote. The next year, the Supreme Court gutted the enforcement provisions of the Voting Rights Act that enabled the Justice Department to block discriminatory voting restrictions in Shelby County v Holder. The Act had been reauthorized in 2006 without a single vote of opposition in the Senate, but in the Obama-era a bill to revive the provisions got nowhere last year despite bipartisan support. The struggle in Selma is now on movie screens across America for viewers to relive the brutality of Bloody Sunday and the ultimate triumphant march that drew Americans from all races and faiths from across the nation to take a stand for freedom and against bigotry and hate. In March, however, the world's attention will once again return to the Edmond Pettus Bridge for the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. It will be a tempered celebration because it has been a difficult two years for race relations in America. Obama's reelection victory unleashed a torrent of racist hate across social media, then came the killings of Treyvon Martin in Florida, Michael Brown in Missouri and Eric Garner in New York and the divisions their cases brought. More importantly, throughout the period we have steadily moved backwards on voting rights as states across the south and elsewhere took advantage of the Shelby County decision to enact a number of restrictive voting measures that are designed to suppress the African-American vote. I have one resolution for 2015 -- I'm going to Selma. As a child of Generation Jones, we always looked up to our Baby Boomer brethren who marched for civil rights when we had no need to for the victory had been won. That victory is in jeopardy. I'm going to Selma. James Chaney, Andrew Goodman and Mickey Schwerner among others were killed for this most fundamental right -- the right to vote. They cannot cry for justice, instead it is the duty of the living to do so for them. I'm going to Selma. I do not expect a House of Representatives that has no shame over having a white supremacist in its leadership to listen to our pleas for action on voting rights legislation. I'm going to Selma. Martin Luther King once said, \"[h]istory will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.\" Similarly, Benjamin Franklin said that \"[j]ustice will not be served until those who are as unaffected are as outraged as those who are.\" I'm outraged and I'm going to Selma. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. We are a generous nation that has come together to help those in need as we did after Katrina or to take a stand that we are one as we did after 9/11. The story of civil rights in America is not relegated to our history books or a movie but is still being written today. It is time to write the next chapter for civil rights in America. Once again we are called to take a stand for freedom and against bigotry and hate. I'm going to Selma. Are you? By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/the-year-2014-for-organiz_b_6402624": {"headline": "The Year 2014 for Organized Labor", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["BUSINESS"], "summary": "It's something of a disgrace to have to admit that things have been so bad for organized labor for such a long time, that unless something truly horrendous or headline-grabbing happens during a particular year, we tend not even to pay attention.", "author": "David Macaray", "text": "It's something of a disgrace to have to admit that things have been so bad for organized labor for such a long time, that unless something truly horrendous or headline-grabbing happens during a particular year (e.g., an industry fails, a union membership is decimated), we tend not even to pay attention. So tepid and uninspiring is the labor landscape, even the occasional strike or boycott is met with a collective \"ho-hum.\" Meanwhile, private sector membership continues to dwindle, workers' power continues to be eroded and corporations continue to find new ways of out-maneuvering the unions. While 2014 was one of those \"ho-hum\" years, there were some notable exceptions. By engaging in a collective protest of their abysmally low wages, fast-food workers at national restaurant chains and were able to attract some prime-time media attention. Granted, their time in the limelight was short-lived and ephemeral, but these orchestrated protests were not only a step in the right direction, they were way overdue. And Thomas Perez, who replaced Hilda Solis (and the interim Seth Harris), finished his first full year as Secretary of Labor in the Obama administration. Among the groups to endorse Perez's nomination were the AFL-CIO, UFW (United Farm Workers) and NAACP, so at the very least, Perez looked good on paper. The woman he's replacing, Ms. Solis, did an adequate job as Labor Secretary (she resigned to run for Congress), particularly in regard to assisting low-level restaurant, hotel and carwash employees (\"carwasheros\"), most of whom are Latinos, and many of whom are systematically victimized by unscrupulous bosses. In fact, the Department of Labor was able to get criminal charges to stick against a couple of corrupt Southern California carwash owners, guilty of cheating workers out of their pay. In the two years Perez has left on the job, he will have ample opportunity to show whether he's the real deal -- a labor reformer and crusader -- or just another ambitious, over-achieving Ivy Leaguer (Brown, Harvard Law) looking to pad his resume while sucking on the government teat (a la former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, another Harvard Law School product). The last really impressive Secretary of Labor we had -- arguably, second only to the legendary FDR appointee, Frances Perkins, the first woman Labor Secretary in history -- was Robert Reich, who served in Clinton's first term before resigning in exasperation. He now teaches at UC Berkeley. Anyone interested in a fascinating insider's look at the Department of Labor would be advised to read Reich's memoir, \"Locked in the Cabinet.\" There was also a changing of the guard at the UAW (United Auto Workers), with Dennis Williams replacing outgoing president Bob King. Given its illustrious history and immeasurable influence on the American labor movement, focusing on the UAW's current state of affairs is almost too gruesome to contemplate. Once boasting of 1.8 million members, the UAW is now down to a mere 390,000. By all accounts, Williams is a gamer, a fighter, ready to push for the reinstatement of boiler-plate contract language (including elimination of two-tier wages and benefits). The only question is: At this late stage, does he have the muscle to do it? Because he'll need every resource he can scrounge up to pull it off. The year 2014 was a terrible one for public school teachers, as the greedy proponents of for-profit education attempted to demonize and vilify them, pretending that low test scores (themselves very misleading) were the direct result of substandard teachers -- not only a specious argument but one calculated specifically to destroy America's teachers' unions. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Arguably, the only union that continues to behave like the proud unions of the 1950s and 1960s is the ILWU (International Longshore and Warehouse Union), and that's due solely to the fact that they have a firm grip on job security. As much as they would love to do so, the shipping companies can't relocate the West Coast ports to a Third World country, and pay cheap wages. As a consequence, the shippers cannot stomach the fact that these longshoremen -- unlike so many non-craft, blue-collar workers across the board -- actually continue to earn a middle-class wage, something that was common in the 1950s, but is all too rare today. Keep on truckin', guys. You're an inspiration to union workers everywhere. David Macaray, a playwright and author (\"It's Never Been Easy: Essays on Modern Labor,\" 2nd edition), was a former labor union rep. He can be reached at dmacaray@gmail.com"}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/to-chris-rock-and-other-c_b_6404920": {"headline": "A Letter to Celebrity Parents About to Divorce", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["LINDSAY LOHAN", "DIVORCE", "SLASH"], "summary": "The holidays are over and it seems as if 2015 will be a challenging year for you. All of you are headed for a divorce, which is hard enough, but you also have young children.", "author": "Vicki Larson", "text": "Dear Giada De Laurentiis and Todd Thompson, Chris Rock and Malaak Compton-Rock, Sonni Pacheco and Jeremy Renner, and Slash and Perla: The holidays are over and it seems as if 2015 will be a challenging year for you. All of you are headed for a divorce, which is hard enough, but you also have young children. That makes everything harder as the last thing anyone wants to do as a parent is hurt the kids. And as research has shown that it's conflict, not divorce per se, that hurts the kids. The problem with many divorces is that they quickly become acrimonious. Unlike the conscious uncoupling of Gwen and Chris, too many couples see a split as payback time for whatever disappointments, dashed dreams and resentments built up over the years. And while many couples imagine that divorce will end things between them, that isn't necessarily true -- if they have kids. Former parents used to be able to move away and start new relationships unencumbered by their past marriages. But divorce is no longer the end of a relationship; it's a \"restructuring of a continuing relationship,\" according to University of Sydney law professor Patrick Parkinson. \"The experience of the last forty years has shown that whereas marriage may be freely dissoluble, parenthood is not.\" Which has made some of us as miserable divorced as we were in our marriage. So, we're here to say that all of you can do better. In fact, you don't have to divorce at all; you can transform your marriage into a parenting marriage, a model we present in The New I Do: Reshaping Marriage for Skeptics, Realists and Rebels. Why do that? Why stay together when you no longer want to be romantically involved with your spouse? Because it's the best way to give your kids what they need to thrive -- stability, access to both parents, and a relatively conflict-free home. Here's how it works: You accept that you are not romantic partners anymore, just co-parents. You are free to create the terms of your new marriage -- who sleeps where, which financial responsibilities are shared and which aren't, setting boundaries for other romantic interests -- based on each person's needs and the age of their children. And then you have an age-appropriate honest discussion with your kids about how you are restructuring your marriage. This is similar to the conversation you'd have to have anyway if you went through with a divorce, but the kids would know that their life wasn't going to be hugely upset -- they wouldn't have to move, they could still see both parents whenever they wanted, etc. We can hear some of you grumble -- but what about love? How will the kids learn what a loving marriage looks like? It's a great question. When you think about it, what is more loving than two parents who show respect and kindness to each other, and aren't fighting all the time, while expressing love to the people who matter most -- their kids? Kids don't need their parents to love each other -- they need their parents to love them. And as some have noted, compared with conventional parenting, where parents have to constantly be in love in front of their children, co-parenting doesn't include the strain of marriage. And clearly Giada, Todd, Chris, Malaak, Sonni, Jeremy, Slash and Perla, your marriages have been strained. We know it sounds weird. But we've all seen how bitter, fighting former spouses can mess up their kids; Lindsay Lohan is just one small example. You probably know many more. Is that the legacy you wish to pass on to your children? You can do better. There are unhappily married couples that are willing to re-create their partnership to give their children what they need. What about you? -- Vicki Larson is an award-winning journalist who blogs at OMG Chronicles and on The New I Do website. Interested in learning about ways to re-create your marriage? Read The New I Do: Reshaping Marriage for Skeptics, Realists and Rebels (Seal Press, September 2014). Order the book on Amazon, follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/the-new-years-resolution_1_b_6405556": {"headline": "The New Year's Resolution", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["HEALTHY LIVING", "HOLIDAY", "NEW YEAR"], "summary": "The New Year's Resolution", "author": "Mala Rambharose", "text": "Every year I hear more and more people saying they no longer make New Year's resolutions because they never follow them. I also hear more people saying they live in the moment and make a resolution everyday. For me New Year's and Birthdays are a quiet time for reflection. I rang in my New Year painting a canvas for the first time. I didn't know what I was doing but it felt nice and simple. It is something I would definitely do again. Whether we want to have resolutions or not, we always have things floating around in our heads that we would like, prefer or dream about. One of the easiest ways to feel better about the New Year is to acknowledge what was great about the old one. 2014 may not have turned out as we imagined but writing a list of things we enjoyed and all of our accomplishments puts things into perspective. It can help us feel better about the year ahead. Below are some simple ways to feel optimistic about the days to come. 1)Make a list of five people you are glad you met or spent time with in 2014.\nPeople are often our access to fun, opportunity, love, excitement and adventure. Sometimes time feels like it is going by so quickly that we do not savour the ways in which people come in and out of our lives. 2)Think of one thing you thought you would never do but did it anyway.\nI thought I would never go on a blind date but I did! It wasn't what I would consider a good date but I'm glad I went. Sometimes we don't notice the ways in which we have expanded in the moment but it can be fun to think about. 3)Make a list of at least five accomplishments, big and small.\nAt times we can be hard on ourselves when we want to do something and don't feel we are getting there fast enough but really we accomplish things all the time that we don't acknowledge. Sometimes it's leaving a job that we knew didn't feed our soul. Other times it's learning to cook a new dish. Acknowledging everything we do that is a step in a direction that feels right to us is important. 4)Thank one person who had a great impact on you, if you cannot speak to them directly, write them a note and keep it for yourself.\nAppreciation is a state of being that feels good. When we appreciate everything from the air we breathe to the opportunities that flow our way, we place ourselves in a more receptive energy field. 5)Make a list of three people, experiences or places that inspired you.\nInspiration is an important thing to take note of. When we notice what inspires us we can place ourselves around those things or people more often and allow ourselves to create our life experience. When what inspires us goes unnoticed life can feel dull or boring. Remember that it is okay to have goals for the year ahead. Goals don't have to be about losing weight or making a certain amount of money. A goal that feels good can be something like promising to say the words \"Thank you\" more often, or spending more time with a pet or getting more sleep.\nWhen our resolutions become more about the people we want to be and not about the way we want to look or the things we want to have, our resolutions will feel good to make, keep and share with others. Happy 2015! May your days be filled with love, inspiration, joy and ease. A Little Love From Mala By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/10-ways-this-writer-mama-_b_6405054": {"headline": "10 Ways This Writer Mama Will Stay Positive and Focused on Her Writing Goals in 2015", "section": "THE BLOG", "tags": ["HEALTHY LIVING", "POSITIVE", "POSITIVE THINKING"], "summary": "10 Ways This Writer Mama Will Stay Positive and Focused on Her Writing Goals in 2015", "author": "Dorit Sasson", "text": "At this time last year, I was carrying my 5-month-old in the snow from some errands. The intense cold was blowing on her face and through her little mittens. I almost fell with her on a big sheet of ice that was disguised underneath the snow. My little one was crying from the pain and was so exhausted from it all that she couldn't find a way to calm down. Exhausted myself, I'd plopped down on the bed, tried nursing her but to no avail. Just an hour before, she was pawing her way into her pink snowsuit, and I was getting giddy by her cuteness. She'd never seen snow yet, and the chances of her remembering the white stuff was nothing. But I remained positive: she'll love it. She'll be excited by it. It will be a special bonding experience. Although I had managed to calm down, my thoughts were now racing: How would I brace the cold yet again with her? I started to panic and it seemed there was no chance of staying positive. I use this anecdote to show just how easy it is to slip from one mental state to another. When life gets tough, you have to find a way to stay positive otherwise you'll become an enemy to your thoughts. I envision this year to be the most significant one in my life. I anticipate finishing a very polished draft of my memoir, Accidental Soldier: What My Service in the Israel Defense Forces Taught Me about Faith, Courage and Love. I will continue building my author platform by blogging about my memoir, interviewing reputable authors for my global radio show, \"Giving Voice to Your Story,\" and writing freelance writing queries to local and national magazines. My attitude, however, will determine how well I'll weather the curve balls life throws at me and stay positive and focused. Historically, I've been known to be impatient when I don't see success coming my way, and I soon start to lose hope. The law of attraction can only go so far if you don't have the right positive thinking mindset. Here's 10 ways I'll continue to stay positive and focused on my writing goals for 2015 throughout 2015:\n\n1. Each time I have a positive thought this year, I'll follow it by another positive thought, and another positive thought, and another!\n2. I'll write 3 things I'm grateful for each day beginning with my pillow, food and home and then move up the ladder: being able to pay bills, having enough love around the house, etc.\n3. I'll take time out for self-care, whether it's peeling dead skin off my feet while my husbands puts our cranky daughter to sleep or reading a book in the bathroom. When I treat myself with respect, I can treat my feelings with respect as well.\n4. I'll do a brief check-in with myself and then with my family, and if I have time, with the world. If someone else is doing well and better than me, I'll silently congratulate that person. Another person's success is the success for the human race.\n5. Each night, I'll envision myself reaching for those writing and publishing goals I've been wishing for myself for the past ten years. I'll see myself as a published author doing talks for libraries, groups, organizations. Bit by bit, I'll even color the scene to really see the interaction.\n6. I'll say positive affirmations to anchor my positive emotional state. If I get swept up by the day, I'll go back to silently repeating the affirmation beginning with \"I am safe.\" \"I am good. \"Everything is peaceful around me.\" Then I'll move towards goals that affirm my work as a writer. \"I am a writer.\" \"I am a published author.\" \"I write in peace and tranquility.\"\n7. I'll breathe to help ground and focus me and get me back to my baseline state.\n8. When I feel life getting unbearable, I'll remember I have friends and colleagues to help hold me accountable and who want to see me succeed.\n9. I'll reread the testimonials from visitors to my website, readers of my chapters. They will serve to re-anchor the positive connection to myself I thought I may have lost.\n10. I will say to myself, \"This too shall pass\" and \"It could be a lot worse,\" to help me get perspective. Maybe even read a few Chicken Soup of the Soul books. This positive thinking isn't just a bunch of baloney. It's something that has been missing on my journey and I've been neglecting to nourish it. I'm a mama, a writer, wife and teacher -- and at times, I'm made to feel incredibly vulnerable. It's time to take care of me in the best way I know how. What helps you stay positive during tough times? By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/the-dress-tattoo-daniel-howland_n_6789880": {"headline": "Texas Man Gets Tattoo Of #TheDress On His Leg, Asks: 'White Or Gold?'", "section": "WEIRD NEWS", "tags": ["WEIRD NEWS", "THEDRESS", "THE DRESS"], "summary": "Man Gets Tattoo Of #TheDress On His Leg", "author": "Dominique Mosbergen", "text": "The Internet went into a state of frenzy last week when #TheDress made everyone wonder: \u201cWhite and gold? Or black and blue?\u201d This week, reports have emerged of a man in Texas named Daniel Howland who will likely never forget that mind-boggling, eye-tricking outfit -- or the total meltdown it triggered. That\u2019s because Howland reportedly got an image of the dress (in black and blue) tattooed on his leg, accompanied by the words \u201cwhite and gold?\u201d \u201cI pretty much got it because, I mean, I keep up with all the social memes and hysteria and whatever, and this is the only one that I really couldn\u2019t wrap my brain around. So I just decided to do it,\u201d Howland, a piercing artist who is heavily tattooed, told Buzzfeed of his new ink. Howland added that while he saw the dress -- whose colors are perceived differently by different people -- as black and blue, he was able to see it as white and gold \u201cafter a couple of drinks.\u201d Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. \"I thought it was funny that it upset a lot of people,\" Howland told WABC-TV of the confounding dress, adding that he got the tattoo done on an area of his leg that he \u201cdidn\u2019t care about.\u201d The tattoo is \u201cgreat,\u201d he told the news outlet. \u201cIt\u2019s just dumb.\u201d By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}}, "10:12:01": {"https://www.huffpost.com/entry/2014-ano-vivimos-ciberpeligro_b_6404264": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/extensiones-permanentes-o-semipermanentes_b_6401702": {}}, "03:59:02": {"https://www.huffpost.com/entry/cute-workout-clothes-_n_6469488": {"headline": "Cute Workout Clothes That Will Actually Make You Want To Hit The Gym. Seriously", "section": "STYLE & BEAUTY", "tags": ["FASHION TRENDS", "REEBOK", "NEW BALANCE"], "summary": "Getting Your Sweat On Never Looked So Good", "author": "Julee Wilson", "text": "Working out is a constant struggle. While on one hand you want to maintain a healthy lifestyle and achieve snatched waist, the motivation to get out of bed often just isn't there. This is, basically, a universal truth. But there's always a silver lining to everything and the silver lining here is cute workout clothes. Let's face it, there's nothing like awesome athletic wear to inspire us to sweat. If you know there's a fly pair of sneakers or some super cute leggings waiting for you to slip on, you're automatically given a healthy dose of sartorial excitement. And, these days workout clothes have reached soaring new heights of cuteness and comfort, which explains the spawning of \"Athleisure\" collections -- for the growing number of women who are wearing their gear to brunch rather than going to the gym. With that said, there are so many reasons to love stylish workout gear -- and here are some options to inspire you to get your sweat on. All images courtesy of Polyvore. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/tanzania-witch-hunts-albinos-_n_6788036": {}}, "19:59:02": {"https://www.huffpost.com/entry/khloe-kardashian-amber-rose_n_6693398": {"headline": "Khloe Kardashian Would Like Amber Rose To Stop Talking About Her Family", "section": "ENTERTAINMENT", "tags": ["TYGA", "KIM KARDASHIAN", "KYLIE JENNER"], "summary": "Khloe Kardashian Wants Amber Rose To Stop Talking About Her Family", "author": "Stephanie Marcus", "text": "It seems that Amber Rose does not approve of Kylie Jenner's rumored relationship with 25-year-old rapper Tyga. In an interview with Power 105 on Feb. 13, Rose claimed that the rapper left Blac Chyna to date Jenner. \"She's a baby, she needs to go to bed at 7 o'clock and relax,\" Rose said of Jenner. \"That's ridiculous. [Tyga] should be ashamed of himself. For sure. He has a beautiful woman and a baby and left that for a 16-year-old who just turned 17.\" As it turns out, Jenner's older sister Khloe Kardashian will have none of this. Kardashian took to Twitter on Monday to tell Rose to keep quiet on the subject of her family: \u201cI was a stripper since I was 15 years old,\u201d Amber Rose told Foxx. Please don't worry about my sister who has a career & her shit (1) @khloekardashian: together at ONLY 17 \ud83d\udc38\u2615\ufe0f people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. (2) Please stop talking about us in interviews mama. None of us talk about you. (3) We get asked questions about people all the time and my sisters and I always take the high road and don't answer. Truth is we don't know (1) these people. I don't know Amber so why would I comment on her. I'm not going to comment on someone I don't know. (2) That's unfair. We all hear things via social media or blogs but I would only want to comment on someone (3) if I actually knew them and or had my own personal history with them. I would think others would want the same respect. 3 sides to EVERY story. His, hers and the truth. I'm not passing judgment but I wish others would do the same until they have FACTS. Rose, in turn, shot back: @khloekardashian I'm happy u brought up the fact that I was a stripper at 15.... @khloekardashian I'll be that lil whore to support my family like ur older sister is a whore 2 support hers. We're even \ud83d\udc8b #MuvaGivesFacts @khloekardashian #DontPanic If you weren't previously versed in Kardashian family versus Rose drama, you should know that Rose once dated Kim Kardashian's current husband, Kanye West. Back in 2012, she blamed the dissolution of her relationship with West on the reality star, calling her a \"home-wrecker.\" She later apologized for the comment. UPDATE: Khloe responded to Amber Rose. @DaRealAmberRose lol #DontPanic well damn, I didn't realize I called you a whore\u2026 But at the end of the day @DaRealAmberRose I guess people love to call us all whores. Easiest jab to throw. It is what it is. We still livin though. My point was proven. She can't even wait 10 mins before mentioning one of our names SMH By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/international-polar-bear-day-photos_n_6762424": {"headline": "Celebrate International Polar Bear Day With These Stunning Photographs", "section": "ENVIRONMENT", "tags": ["BEARS", "HEARTWARMING-ANIMALS", "POLAR BEARS CLIMATE CHANGE"], "summary": "Happy International Polar Bear Day!", "author": "James Gerken", "text": "Happy International Polar Bear Day! This February 27 marks the 10th annual observance of the holiday. Popularized by conservation group Polar Bears International, the day is an opportunity to raise awareness for these iconic animals and the threats they face. Arctic warming, made worse by greenhouse gas emissions from human activities, is one of the biggest threats to polar bears. A warmer Arctic means less sea ice for the bears to hunt seals on, reducing their access to food. More open water also means more drownings and reduced cub survival. Scientists estimate there are 20,000 to 25,000 polar bears in the wild, mostly in Canada. \"While we have much we can do in the present to increase the resilience of polar bears in our lifetimes, their long term survival in anything like the abundance and distribution we know today requires global actions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions,\" Geoff York, senior director of conservation at Polar Bears International, said in a statement to The Huffington Post. \"We are driving this threat, we can also drive the solutions needed to fix it,\" he said. \"That will require all of us working together -- northerners and southerners, east and west, rural communities and urban centers. We all have a role to play, we can all be part of the solution.\" Protecting polar bear populations and their habitats carries the added benefit of protecting human habitats as well. The Arctic plays a part in regulating the Earth's climate, according to NASA, and climate change in the Arctic is likely to have consequences elsewhere. Below, check out 10 stunning polar bear photographs from National Geographic's Your Shot community, and remember that any day is a good day to care about polar bears. Learn more about what you can do for polar bears here."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/norway-mosque-peace-ring_n_6775646": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/active-military-photos_n_6775428": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/common-sources-of-food-poisoning_n_6793112": {"headline": "New Study Reveals Most Common Causes Of Food Poisoning", "section": "WELLNESS", "tags": ["HEALTHY LIVING", "SALMONELLA", "FOOD POISONING"], "summary": "New Study Reveals Most Common Causes Of Food Poisoning", "author": "Kira Brekke", "text": "If you're one of the 50 million Americans who have suffered from food poisoning each year, chances are you're not entirely sure what caused it. Perhaps it was last night's sushi or maybe the milk you weren't sure had gone bad? Well, new research may make it easier for you to trace the culprit. This study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Interagency Food Safety Analytics Collaboration tested four major pathogens: E. coli, salmonella, listeria and campylobacter. The research found that from 2008 to 2012, 46 percent of E. coli cases came from beef, 18 percent of salmonella cases came from seeded vegetables and 66 percent of campylobacter cases came from dairy products. To prevent food poisoning, the CDC recommends washing your hands and surfaces often, avoiding cross-contamination of foods, using a food thermometer to ensure safe cooking temperatures and refrigerating foods promptly. Sign up here for Live Today, HuffPost Live's new morning email that will let you know the newsmakers, celebrities and politicians joining us that day and give you the best clips from the day before! By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/alcohol-consumption-socializing-_n_6792564": {"headline": "The More Friends At The Bar, The More You'll Drink", "section": "WELLNESS", "tags": ["HEALTHY LIVING", "BEER", "SOCIALIZING"], "summary": "The More Friends At The Bar, The More You'll Drink", "author": "Kate Bratskeir", "text": "If you've succumbed to sticking around at the bar for \"just one more,\" you're not alone. A new study published in the journal Addiction reveals that the number of drinks a person has increases along with the number of friends in their drinking group. In other words, the more people at your Happy Hour, the more booze you're likely to consume. The study collected data from internet-based questionnaires that participants responded to on their smartphones. Nearly 200 young adult drinks in Switzerland were prompted to respond every hour while they were out drinking. The participants were asked to report the number of drinks they had consumed as well as the number of friends present while they were out. Men were more influenced to imbibe as their friend count hiked, but women were affected, too. Since most young people imbibe in a social context, the ways bars and parties affect drinking levels is of particular interest to researchers. And this survey study is one of the first to collect realtime observational data -- data from real social gatherings as they are happening -- rather than recreating a party atmosphere in a lab setting (difficult to pull off!) or surveying partiers after the fact. Drinking too much alcohol can lead to a mess of ailments, like stroke, high blood pressure and of, course, lead to the ever-dreaded hangover. Next time you go out for an office happy hour, you might want to consider with whom you're drinking alongside what's actually in your glass. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/baby-cry-taylor-swift_n_6793362": {"headline": "Baby Stops Crying When She Hears Taylor Swift, And Taylor Swift Approves", "section": "PARENTING", "tags": ["PARENTS", "TAYLOR SWIFT", "BLANK SPACE"], "summary": "Baby Stops Crying When She Hears Taylor Swift, And Taylor Swift Approves", "author": "Ron Dicker", "text": "We see a lot of cute baby videos. But until now, we had yet to see any that Taylor Swift declared to be \"the best thing I have ever seen.\" So here's 6-month-old baby Rosie crying her eyes out -- until she hears Swift's \"Blank Space.\" Then watch her bawl again when the music's turned off. Turn Taylor back on, mom and dad! There, that's better. THIS IS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN.\nhttp://t.co/4bNzbBdcsX \u2014 Taylor Swift (@taylorswift13) March 2, 2015 \"No other song soothes Rosie the way that Taylor's 'Blank Space' does,\" Rosie's mom, Erica Blank, told The Huffington Post. \"If she is fussing in her carseat,\" she added, \"we just need to play it over the Bluetooth and she is instantly calm for the whole song.\" H/T Jezebel By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/scott-walker-handgun-wait_n_6793868": {"headline": "Scott Walker Open To Repealing Handgun Waiting Period", "section": "POLITICS", "tags": ["NRA", "NATIONAL RIFLE ASSOCIATION", "POLITICS"], "summary": "Scott Walker Open To Repealing Handgun Waiting Period", "author": "Arthur Delaney", "text": "WASHINGTON -- Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) suggested he supports legislation that would eliminate his state's 48 hour waiting period for handgun purchases in an Friday interview with NRA News. \"That's one of those where with new technology, it's real easy to make sure the bad guys don\u2019t get firearms, and the good guys do,\" Walker said, noting that in 2011 Wisconsin allowed residents to carry concealed weapons. \"I think we're going to be a leader in this area as well,\" Walker said of the handgun purchase waiting period repeal legislation, which is currently under consideration. A Walker spokeswoman told the Wisconsin State Journal that the governor favors making it easier for law-abiding citizens to buy guns, but didn't say explicitly whether Walker would sign the bill into law if it is approved by the state legislature. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. The Republican sponsor of the bill said in February that the original purpose of the waiting period was to give the FBI time for background checks, which is unnecessary now because that information is digitized. Opponents of the legislation have said the waiting period also serves as a check on impulsive behavior. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/netanyahu-boehner_n_6793464": {"headline": "ICYMI: Here's Everything That Happened During The Netanyahu News Dump", "section": "POLITICS", "tags": ["EAT THE PRESS", "POLITICS", "DHS FUNDING"], "summary": "ICYMI: Here's Everything That Happened During The Netanyahu News Dump", "author": "Jason Linkins", "text": "Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu delivered an address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday morning, an event that was -- for many Beltway swells -- the hot ticket for the social event of the season. But all the media attention focused on Netanyahu's remarks has made for the perfect opportunity to do a rare Tuesday Morning News Roundup. Here's what everyone missed. 1. House Republicans cave on DHS funding. So ends that winsome melodrama. Days after Congress extended the final act of the \"Will They Defund the Department of Homeland Security\" saga by one week, House Speaker John Boehner is calling for an anti-climax. As Elise Foley reports: Senate Democrats have already shown that they will not vote for a funding bill that passed the House in January. That bill would tie funding to ending President Barack Obama's immigration actions, which could allow as many as 5 million undocumented immigrants to temporarily stay in the country and work. Now, the House is conceding defeat on getting immigration measures into the DHS bill. The vote could come as soon as Tuesday. The center of this contretemps is a series of executive actions from Obama, implementing his policy preferences on immigration. At the moment, 26 states are suing the administration over those executive actions, a fact that Boehner cited in telling House Republicans there'd be a vote on a \"clean\" DHS funding bill. \"The good news is that the president\u2019s executive action has been stopped, for now,\" the speaker said. \"This matter will continue to be litigated in the courts, where we have our best chance of winning this fight.\" Shutting down Homeland Security is an option that Boehner on Tuesday deemed to be \"untenable.\" Given his approval of the lawsuit lodged against the White House, it makes you wonder how a threatened shutdown made it even this far. 2. David Petraeus gets slapped on the wrist in a plea deal. \"The alternative to this bad deal is a much better deal,\" said Netanyahu of the current negotiations over Iran's nuclear future, on which the Israeli prime minister would like to put the kibosh. As if to emphasize the secret existence of really great deals you had no right to expect, the U.S. Department of Justice reached an accord with wayward military guru and retired general David Petraeus, who scandalized himself after it came to light that he'd shared classified information with his inamorata and biographer, Paula Broadwell. The New York Times' Michael S. Schmidt and Matt Apuzzo have the story: Mr. Petraeus will plead guilty to one count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material, which carries a maximum penalty of one year in prison. Mr. Petraeus has signed the agreement, said Marc Raimondi, a Justice Department spokesman. What's the over/under on \"number of days Petraeus will spend in jail\"? I'd advise you to go low -- this is, after all, an American Thought Leader. I'd sort of like to see some people at least apologize to MoveOn over this thing, as it seems only fair at this point. Speaking of: 3. Edward Snowden may be returning to the United States. Russia -- don't know if you've heard -- is a really hectic place right now, and apparently Edward Snowden wants out. According to Reuters' Gennady Novik and Gabriela Baczynska, a Russian lawyer told reporters there is some sort of ongoing trilateral legal wrangling that could ultimately return Snowden to America: Anatoly Kucherena, who has links to the Kremlin, was speaking at a news conference to present a book he has written about his client. Moscow granted Snowden asylum in 2013, straining already tense ties with Washington. \"I won't keep it secret that he ... wants to return back home. And we are doing everything possible now to solve this issue. There is a group of U.S. lawyers, there is also a group of German lawyers and I'm dealing with it on the Russian side.\" There are, of course, opportunities for content synergy. 4. Russ Feingold will do some stuff. Former Sen. Russ Feingold (D-Wis.) is heading for the door at the State Department, where he's been serving as the special envoy for the Great Lakes Region of Africa and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Rumors are plentiful that his aim is to return to the Senate by defeating the man who defeated him (in a thoroughly ironic result), Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.). That is no easy task. As Roll Call's Nathan Gonzales points out, ousting the senator who ousted you is a political trick that \"hasn't happened in nearly a century.\" Feingold took to Facebook on Tuesday to offer the precise sort of vague intimations that make political reporters freak themselves: After I leave the State Department this week, I will spend portions of 2015 teaching international relations and law at Stanford University. For most of the rest of this year, I will be living at my home in Middleton, Wisconsin, from where I will travel the state extensively. I will listen carefully to my fellow Wisconsinites talk about their concerns, especially those involving their economic well-being. I will also seek their counsel on how I can best further serve my country and the state I love. Here's hoping he stuck to his government email account while at State. Anyway, that's what you missed this morning if you were caught up in \"Netanyahu speech\" Twitter. Would you like to follow me on Twitter? Because why not? By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/georgia-halts-executions_n_6794054": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/herpes-vaccine_n_6791538": {"headline": "Herpes 'Isolates People,' But A Vaccine May Be On The Way", "section": "WELLNESS", "tags": ["GENITAL HERPES", "STDS", "HEALTHY LIVING"], "summary": "A Herpes Vaccine May Be In Sight", "author": "Emily Tess Katz", "text": "One in five Americans suffer silently from genital herpes, according to immunologist Dr. William Halford, an associate professor of microbiology at Southern Illinois University. In a conversation with HuffPost Live on Monday, the doctor stressed that our inability to talk openly about herpes might be delaying a vaccine to eradicate the lifelong virus for all. \"We should have a vaccine for the disease, given its prevalence,\" he said. Globally, a staggering 500 million people carry the virus, though only about 40 million have chronic symptoms. \"For people who have [herpes], it can devastate their lives: It cuts into people's ability to have sexual relationships... It isolates people.\" Halford explained how attempts to create a subunit vaccine -- meaning a vaccine made from one component of the virus that stimulates immune response -- has largely failed in its mission to wipe out the virus. Instead, his team has developed a live, attenuated vaccine that could offer real hope for eradicating genital herpes. \"We have a lot of data that our approach works about 100 times better than a subunit vaccine approach,\" he said, likening it to the similarly structured Japan's chicken pox vaccine. \"If I can take the vaccine approach that I have forward, I think we would have a way of ending genital herpes,\" he concluded. \"It's that cut and dry.\" Watch the rest of Dr. Halford's conversation with HuffPost Live in the clip above.Sign up here for Live Today, HuffPost Live\u2019s morning email that will let you know the newsmakers, celebrities and politicians joining us that day and give you the best clips from the day before! By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/john-boehner-homeland-sec_n_6792816": {"headline": "Nonprofit Tied To John Boehner Attacks His Foes In Homeland Security Fight", "section": "POLITICS", "tags": ["DARK MONEY", "OBAMA IMMIGRATION", "POLITICS"], "summary": "Nonprofit Tied To John Boehner Attacks His Foes In Homeland Security Fight", "author": "Paul Blumenthal", "text": "WASHINGTON -- The politically active nonprofit closely tied to Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) is intervening to help the Republican Party leader as he battles conservatives in his own caucus over the passage of appropriations legislation for the Department of Homeland Security. American Action Network, a 501(c)(4) nonprofit that does not disclose its donors, will spend $400,000 this week on television, radio and online advertisements. The ads will urge conservative Republicans to support DHS legislation that does not include a controversial provision reversing President Barack Obama\u2019s executive actions on immigration. As first reported by Politico, the targets of the television ads are Reps. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio), Jim Bridenstine (R-Okla.) and Tim Huelskamp (R-Kan.). Digital ads will also run in the districts of Reps. Louie Gohmert (R-Texas), Morgan Griffith (R-Va.), Jody Hice (R-Ga.), Barry Loudermilk (R-Ga.), Raul Labrador (R-Idaho), Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.), Tom Rice (R-S.C.) and Ted Yoho (R-Fla.). The issue advertisements provide yet another example of how the world of political nonprofits and super PACs created by the Supreme Court\u2019s 2010 Citizens United decision has become inseparable from the legislative process. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Despite assertions from Justice Anthony Kennedy that the independence of these groups would nullify any suggestion or appearance of corruption, political nonprofits and super PACs have effectively become arms of political party leadership, providing one more way for lobbyists to direct client money to create action in Congress. As previously detailed by The Huffington Post, the relationships between Boehner, American Action Network and its super PAC, the Congressional Leadership Fund, offer a textbook example of unlimited corporate and lobbyist money seeping into the legislative process. The issue advertisements urging uncooperative conservatives to support Boehner\u2019s preferred legislative action, while not explicitly or implicitly electoral ads, are a further indication. At the conservative blog RedState, commentator Erick Erickson, who opposes Boehner\u2019s move to push for a clean Homeland Security bill, wrote on Wednesday: \u201cEveryone knows the attacks are coordinated on behalf of Rep. John Boehner (R-OH). They are not even trying to hide it.\u201d In response to questions about whether there was coordination between Boehner's office and American Action Network, Dan Conston, a spokesman for the group, said in an email: \"Of course not. We are an independent group and our actions are fully independent from others.\" By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/fareed-zakaria-netanyahu_n_6792938": {"headline": "Fareed Zakaria: 'Netanyahu Has Been Talking About Iran's Imminent Nuclear Program For 25 Years'", "section": "POLITICS", "tags": ["POLITICS", "IRAN NEGOTIATIONS", "IRAN-ISRAEL"], "summary": "Zakaria: 'Netanyahu Has Been Talking About Iran's Imminent Nuclear Program For 25 Years'", "author": "Ryan Grim", "text": "WASHINGTON -- In July 1996, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addressed a joint session of Congress, warning that Iran was \"extremely close\" to developing nuclear weapons and that if the United States didn't act, \"the lives of our children and our grandchildren\" would be at risk. \"Ladies and gentlemen, time is running out,\" he warned. \"This is not a slogan. This is not over-dramatization.\" Since then, Netanyahu, now serving a second tenure as prime minister, has been consistently warning that Iran is within two or three or five years of obtaining a bomb. Ahead of Tuesday's speech, CNN commentator Fareed Zakaria noted Netanyahu's long history of alarmism. \"It's worth remembering that Netanyahu came to this Congress ... 19 years ago. He made a speech in which he talked about Iran's nuclear weapons. He predicted at the time that the deadline was extremely close. He defined what he meant by that deadline, by how close it was, a couple years earlier to the Israeli parliament, where he said Iran would have nuclear weapons in three to five years. That was 25 years ago. Netanyahu has been talking about Iran's imminent nuclear program for 25 years. Just as a factual matter with respect to my friend, he's just been wrong for 25 years,\" Zakaria said. The Intercept compiled a collection of Netanyahu's warnings in one place. For example, in 2002 Netanyahu was issuing similarly dire warnings about Iraq: In his latest speech Netanyahu dismissed sanctions, inspections and negotiation as means of mitigating the threat he's been outlining, which effectively leaves a military strike as the only option. \"This is a bad deal, a very bad deal. We're better off without it,\" Netanyahu said of the ongoing negotiations with Iran. Netanyahu suggests inspections won't work, sanctions don't work, and a deal can't work. So what's the alternative? In order to reach a deal, Iran has to agree to a deal. Netanyahu is not laying out a way for Iran to come to a deal. \u2014 Jeffrey Goldberg (@JeffreyGoldberg) March 3, 2015 Netanyahu is up for reelection in Israel in two weeks. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/hillary-clinton-media-pass_n_6791778": {"headline": "Hillary Clinton Scoops On Emails And Foreign Money Challenge Assumptions Of Media Free Pass", "section": "MEDIA", "tags": ["HILLARY CLINTON", "HILLARY CLINTON 2016", "HILLARY CLINTON MEDIA"], "summary": "Hillary Clinton Isn't Getting A Free Pass From the Media", "author": "Michael Calderone", "text": "NEW YORK -\u2013 As Hillary Clinton prepares to launch her presidential campaign as early as next month, the Democratic frontrunner isn't getting a free pass from the media. In recent weeks, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post and The New York Times have all published potentially damaging stories on Clinton, challenging assumptions heard within conservative media and on Fox News that journalists will go easy on the 2016 Democratic frontrunner. Conservatives are unlikely to renounce long-running claims of liberal media bias just yet, and it remains to be seen if such aggressive coverage of Clinton continues in the event that she's head-to-head with a Republican nominee in the fall of 2016. But the recent spate of newspaper stories, raising ethical and legal questions surrounding the Clinton foundation and Clinton's tenure as secretary of state, certainly don't look like a media coronation. The Wall Street Journal reported on Feb. 17 that the Clinton Foundation, which Hillary Clinton joined after leaving the State Department, had dropped its ban on accepting foreign donations. Such a decision could fuel perceptions that foreign governments donating to the Clinton Foundation maybe gain influence in a future Clinton administration. The Post raised more questions last week after reporting how the foundation had accepted millions of dollars from seven foreign governments during Clinton\u2019s four years leading the State Department. The Post reported how a $500,000 donation from the Algerian government had violated an ethics agreement between the foundation and Obama administration. Reporters have pressed for answers about the donations, and on Monday, the State Department walked back an earlier suggestion that its lawyers had signed off on the foreign contributions during Clinton\u2019s tenure. On Monday, Politico reported that \u201cthere are no indications any Clinton Foundation donations were ever sent to the State Department for approval.\u201d That night, The New York Times dropped a bombshell story that would appear atop Tuesday\u2019s front page. The Times' Michael Schmidt reported that Clinton \u201cexclusively used a personal email account to conduct government business as secretary of state,\u201d and in doing so, \u201cmay have violated federal requirements that officials\u2019 correspondence be retained as part of the agency\u2019s record.\u201d While government officials have used personal email accounts in the past, along with their government email, the Times revealed that Clinton never even had a government email address in her four years as secretary of state. \u201cHer aides took no actions to have her personal emails preserved on department servers at the time, as required by the Federal Records Act,\u201d Schmidt wrote. The story exploded on Twitter Monday night, with political reporters amplifying the report and raising new questions. The Times' Nick Confessore also poked fun at suggestions the mainstream media is protecting Clinton. Why isn't the mainstream media covering these stories I see in newspapers and magazines and on tv? Why is the biased media reporting all these damaging Clinton stories so early, to get it out of the way? Why did the biased media wait so long to report this story, so no one would know until it was TOO LATE? Times reporter Jeremy Peters echoed Confessore\u2019s tweets on Tuesday morning: After all the bogus claims of Benghazi bombshells and mainstream media looking the other way, @nytimes breaks the biggest story yet. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Clinton veterans would surely scoff at the idea of a media free pass, given the feeding frenzy around '90s Bill Clinton scandals like Whitewater and Monica Lewinsky and the fraught relationship between the 2008 Hillary Clinton campaign and the press. Clinton staffers and surrogates grumbled that then-candidate Barack Obama received better treatment. Clinton herself, prior to the campaign, said The New York Times is \u201cafter us.\u201d Still, some conservatives aren't sold that the Times scoop indicates the press will be covering Democrats more aggressively. Breitbart\u2019s John Nolte seized on the Times' acknowledgment that Clinton's personal emails were discovered by the House committee investigating the 2012 Benghazi attacks. \u201cIf past is prologue,\" he wrote, \"this latest Clinton scandal goes away as soon as the media can pretend a Republican engaged in overreach or a nobody GOP candidate in a flyover state commits a War On Women gaffe.\" By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}}, "18:59:02": {"https://www.huffpost.com/entry/wedgies-poll-embed_n_6736820": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/joe-biden-photos-llama-the-dress-what-is-the-internet_n_6769998": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/6-year-old-national-anthem_n_6793354": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/feminist-nuns_n_6788034": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/jack-vale-prank-call_n_6792734": {"headline": "Comedian Catches Internet Scammers In The Act With Grandma And Grandpa Impression", "section": "COMEDY", "tags": ["ELDERLY", "AGEISM", "FACEBOOK"], "summary": "Comedian Catches Internet Scammers In The Act With Grandma And Grandpa Impression", "author": "Leigh Weingus", "text": "Ever been on the receiving end of an alarming pop-up message telling you there are viruses on your computer -- and that you should call a toll-free number immediately to have it fixed? Usually those numbers lead to scammers who plan to rip you off, says comedian Jack Vale, and he's been there. He assumes your Grandma has, too. \u201cI decided to get to the bottom of this scam, so I took a screenshot of that warning message and called the company,\" Vale says at the beginning of the video above. When he calls the number, he puts on a very convincing voice of an elderly grandma. When the alleged scammer who answers asks Vale if he's \"in Safari,\" he replies, \u201cThat was a few years ago, we went to Africa for that, but I\u2019m at home now.\u201d Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. When she tells him he'll have to pay between $400 and $500 to have his computer checked, he offers to pay her in fruit cake. It does not go over well. Before it's over and done, the woman calls him a \"f***ing douche.\" We call him a hero. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/pistons-dancer-halfcourt-shot_n_6792576": {"headline": "Detroit Pistons Dancer Makes Backward Half-Court Shot Like A Pro", "section": "SPORTS", "tags": ["NEW YORK KNICKS", "HALF-COURT SHOT", "DETROIT PISTONS"], "summary": "And the crowd went wild!", "author": "Ron Dicker", "text": "Someone's got skills. Detroit Pistons dancer Kathryn Martin heaved a shot backward from mid-court and hit nothing but net during halftime of the Pistons-Knicks game Friday. The crowd roared, and the dancer was carried triumphantly by the Pistons mascot. She never made the shot when she practiced it, a Pistons rep told The Huffington Post, but she \"made the shot when it counted.\" Given that the Pistons are mired in the NBA's Central Division cellar, maybe they ought to consider signing her up and letting someone else do the halftime entertaining. H/T Sports Illustrated By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/reza-farahan-netanyahu_n_6792840": {"headline": "'Shahs of Sunset' Star Reza Farahan 'Totally Loves' Benjamin Netanyahu, Is 'Down For Bombing Iran'", "section": "U.S. NEWS", "tags": ["HPL", "SHAHS OF SUNSET", "VIDEO"], "summary": "'Shahs of Sunset' Star Voices Support For Netanyahu: 'I'm Down For Bombing Iran'", "author": "Emily Tess Katz", "text": "Has the Bravo network birthed a political pundit? Moments before Netanyahu was scheduled to address Congress on Tuesday, \"Shahs Of Sunset\" star Reza Farahan took to HuffPost Live and weighed in on tensions in the Middle East, declaring that he's \"totally in support\" of the Israeli Prime Minister. \"If he wants to bomb Iran, I'm totally in support of him,\" the Tehran-born Farahan said. \"I'm down for bombing Iran.\" \"I think we should've invaded Iran instead of Iraq,\" he continued, \"Because the Iranians would've appreciated it and they would've been liberated, whereas the Iraqis didn't want us there and they don't appreciate it.\" Farahan, whose mother is Muslim and father is Jewish, recently labeled Iran \"a bully.\" With Netanyahu's intervention, he thinks this could perhaps change. \"Sanctions on Iran,\" Farahan urged. \"And bomb the bad people in Iran -- and help them! Liberate them! They want to be free.\" Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Watch more from Reza Farahan's conversation with HuffPost Live. Sign up here for Live Today, HuffPost Live\u2019s morning email that will let you know the newsmakers, celebrities and politicians joining us that day and give you the best clips from the day before! By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/jimmy-kimmel-vaccinations_n_6791938": {"headline": "Jimmy Kimmel Fires Back At Mean Tweets Over His Stance On Vaccinations", "section": "COMEDY", "tags": ["FUNNY VIDEOS", "MEAN TWEETS", "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE"], "summary": "Jimmy Kimmel Fires Back Over Vaccination Mean Tweets", "author": "Bill Bradley", "text": "Jimmy Kimmel is giving anti-vaccination advocates a taste of their own medicine. After airing a segment with doctors hilariously explaining the reasons to get your kids vaccinated, Kimmel got hate messages on Twitter that put \"Mean Tweets\" to shame. So, in the interest of fairness, the talk show host sent his \"community activists\" out to try and prove that vaccinations are bad (because kids prefer lollipops to needles). And the result is even more ridiculous than it sounds. \"Jimmy Kimmel Live\" airs weeknights at 11:35 p.m. ET on ABC. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/netanyahu-congress_n_6792008": {"headline": "Benjamin Netanyahu Tells Congress Current Deal Guarantees Iran Nuclear Weapons", "section": "POLITICS", "tags": ["POLITICS", "BENJAMIN NETANYAHU", "VIDEO"], "summary": "Netanyahu Tells Congress Current Deal Guarantees Iran Nuclear Weapons", "author": "Jessica Schulberg", "text": "WASHINGTON -- Capping his most controversial trip here, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu appeared before Congress on Tuesday morning to convince lawmakers that the current trajectory of nuclear negotiations with Iran would not prevent the nation from getting a nuclear bomb, which could ultimately destroy Israel. He told a packed House chamber that the negotiations between Iran and six world powers known as the P5+1 -- the U.S., Russia, China, the United Kingdom, France and Germany -- would inevitably yield an unacceptable deal, though he didn't offer much in the way of a realistic solution. \"That deal will not prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. It would all but guarantee that Iran gets those weapons, lots of them,\" he said. As lawmakers escorted him onto the House floor, Netanyahu was greeted by cheers, whistles, and a standing ovation that lasted almost four minutes. Netanyahu stated the moral obligation he felt to speak out about an issue that threatened the state of Israel and the Jewish people. He traced the threat back to biblical times, comparing a \"powerful Persian viceroy named Haman,\" who plotted to destroy the Jewish people over 2,000 years ago, to Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. The Jewish Queen Esther ultimately thwarted Haman's plot, according to the Bible, and saved the Jewish people. Netanyahu implied that a modern-day Esther is needed to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions. And what better modern-day Esther than the U.S. Congress? Describing Congress as \"the most important legislative body in the world,\" the prime minister thanked the lawmakers for their enduring support of Israel, adding, \"We appreciate all that President Obama has done for Israel,\" too. His recognition of Obama, who was not in attendance, was met with weak applause and a standing ovation by roughly half of those on the floor. Netanyahu's decision to ultimately present his remarks was in bold defiance of the Obama administration, which had said the speech was a breach of diplomatic protocol since it was orchestrated by Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-Ohio) and Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. Ron Dermer, without White House approval. On Tuesday, Netanyahu said he took issue with what he called \"a very bad deal\" for three reasons. He said he opposes leaving Iran's nuclear structures intact, relying on international inspectors to monitor Iran's compliance, and the fact that an agreement would ultimately allow Iran to obtain the status of any other member of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. \"The foremost sponsor of global terrorism could be weeks away from having enough enriched uranium for an entire arsenal of nuclear weapons and this with full international legitimacy,\" he declared. He described an apocalyptic scenario that would follow the deal being crafted by the P5+1. \"[Iran's] voracious appetite for aggression grows with each passing year,\" Netanyahu said. \"Will Iran be less aggressive when sanctions are removed and its economy is stronger? How many more countries will Iran devour once sanctions are lifted?\" This, he said, would lead to the Middle East becoming a \"nuclear tinderbox,\" with the entire region racing toward nuclear weapons. He failed to mention that this would require most countries in the region to forfeit the protection of the U.S. nuclear umbrella. \"This deal won't be a farewell to arms, it will be a farewell to arms control,\" he said. While the negotiations between Iran and the P5+1 have focused on the scientific, technical elements of Iran's nuclear program, Netanyahu said he required a deal based on political reform. Namely, he called for Iran to halt aggression against neighbors in the Middle East, renounce support for terrorism and stop threatening to annihilate Israel, which he described as the only democracy in the Middle East. \"If Iran wants to be treated like a normal country, let it act like a normal country,\" he said, prompting another emphatic standing ovation from the audience. Repeating the refrain that Iran needs a nuclear deal more than the U.S. does, he encouraged lawmakers to \"make them want it more\" by increasing sanctions. Obama has repeatedly insisted that increased sanctions would derail the nuclear negotiations and prompt Iran to unfreeze the elements of its nuclear program that have been halted for over a year under the current interim agreement. Supporters of a Senate bill that would slam Iran with more sanctions have been lobbying for support from Democratic lawmakers in order to secure a veto-proof vote. Though the prime minister has suggested military action against Iran in the past, he emphasized that the alternative to the current deal under negotiation is not war. \"The alternative is a much better deal,\" he said. \"A deal that allows Israel to live, literally.\" Netanyahu received criticism both in the U.S. and in Israel, where even conservative Likud political party members feared that his speech would weaken the alliance between Israel and its top source of financial and diplomatic support. Prior to his visit to the House floor, Netanyahu made a less controversial stop at the annual conference hosted by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, where he tried to dispel the notion of a U.S.-Israeli crisis of relations. \"Our alliance is sound, our friendship is strong,\" Netanyahu said Monday at AIPAC, describing the public spat between the two nations as the type of disagreement that is to be expected among family members.\n\nWith Israeli elections two weeks from now, Netanyahu's political opponents described the speech as a campaign tactic, echoing his rhetoric that his main opponent, Isaac Herzog, is too weak to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. The speech was shown on a five-minute delay in Israel, in an effort to prevent propaganda from being broadcast in the lead-up to the elections. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Despite the boycott of nearly 60 members of Congress, the House floor was nearly full. Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), who had voiced reservation about the speech, ultimately decided to attend. Also spotted was the prime minister's wife, Sara Netanyahu, who was seated next to Nobel Prize winner and Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel. In a reference to Wiesel, Netanyahu said, \"I can only urge the leaders of the world not to repeat the mistakes of the past.\" In a not-so-subtle effort to discourage attendance, the White House invited House Democratic aides to a trade meeting Tuesday, scheduled at a time that would coincide with Netanyahu's speech. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/nancy-pelosi-netanyahu-speech_n_6793150": {"headline": "Nancy Pelosi: 'I Was Near Tears' During Netanyahu's Speech To Congress", "section": "POLITICS", "tags": ["POLITICS", "NETANYAHU", "NANCY PELOSI"], "summary": "Nancy Pelosi: 'I Was Near Tears' During Netanyahu's Speech To Congress", "author": "Paige Lavender", "text": "House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said she was \"near tears\" during Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday. In his speech, Netanyahu warned the U.S. about accepting a nuclear deal with Iran, saying it \"will not prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons - it will all but guarantee that Iran will get those nuclear weapons - lots of them.\" \"This deal won't be a farewell to arms, it will be a farewell to arms control ... a countdown to a potential nuclear nightmare,\" Netanyahu said. Pelosi said she was \"saddened by the insult to the intelligence of the United States.\" She was noticeably displeased with Netanyahu's remarks during his speech. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Read Pelosi's full statement below: The unbreakable bonds between the United States and Israel are rooted in our shared values, our common ideals and mutual interests. Ours is a deep and abiding friendship that will always reach beyond party. Americans stand shoulder to shoulder with the Israeli people. The state of Israel stands as the greatest political achievement of the 20th century, and the United States will always have an unshakable commitment to Israel\u2019s security. That is why, as one who values the U.S. \u2013 Israel relationship, and loves Israel, I was near tears throughout the Prime Minister\u2019s speech \u2013 saddened by the insult to the intelligence of the United States as part of the P5 +1 nations, and saddened by the condescension toward our knowledge of the threat posed by Iran and our broader commitment to preventing nuclear proliferation. Today, Prime Minister Netanyahu reiterated something we all agree upon: a nuclear armed Iran is unacceptable to both our countries. We have all said that a bad deal is worse than no deal, and stopping the spread of nuclear weapons is the bedrock of our foreign policy and national security. As President Obama has said consistently, all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear-armed Iran. Read more on Netanyahu's speech here. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/carrie-underwood-baby-boy_n_6792666": {"headline": "Carrie Underwood Welcomes Baby Boy Isaiah Michael Fisher", "section": "ENTERTAINMENT", "tags": ["CARRIE UNDERWOOD MIKE FISHER", "CARRIE UNDERWOOD", "CARRIE UNDERWOOD ISAIAH"], "summary": "Carrie Underwood Welcomes Baby Boy", "author": "Leigh Blickley", "text": "Congratulations go out to Carrie Underwood! The country star and hockey player Mike Fisher welcomed a baby boy named Isaiah Michael Fisher on Friday, Underwood announced on Instagram and Twitter. This is the couple's first child. \"Tiny hands and tiny feet...God has blessed us with an amazing gift! Isaiah Michael Fisher - born on February 27. Welcome to the world, sweet angel!\" Underwood wrote. Tiny hands and tiny feet...God has blessed us with an amazing gift! Isaiah Michael Fisher - born February 27. pic.twitter.com/Rxq9HUmS7W Underwood, 31, and Fisher, 34, tied the knot in July 2010 after two years of dating. They announced in September that they were expecting a baby. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Find us on Pinterest! Follow Huffington Post's board Hollywood on Pinterest. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}}, "23:59:01": {"https://www.huffpost.com/entry/celebrity-dreadlocks_n_6754984": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/eating-disorder-myths-debunked_n_6736740": {"headline": "6 Eating Disorder Myths Debunked", "section": "WOMEN", "tags": ["NATIONAL EATING DISORDERS AWARENESS WEEK", "BULIMIA", "RECOVERY"], "summary": "6 Eating Disorder Myths Debunked", "author": "Nina Bahadur", "text": "How much do you actually know about eating disorders? For National Eating Disorders Awareness Week, we've rounded up common misconceptions that make it more difficult for people living with these illnesses to be recognized, to be understood and to access appropriate treatment. Here are six myths about eating disorders debunked. MYTH: Eating disorders happen only to white women. In reality, people of all genders and racial groups can suffer from disordered eating. According to the National Eating Disorders Association, an estimated 20 million women and 10 million men today will suffer from a clinically significant eating disorder in their lifetime. A 2007 survey showed no difference in eating disorder rates among people of different races and ethnicities, although NEDA has found that minorities are much less likely to receive help. Because eating disorders are so commonly seen as a women's problem, men can also struggle to find recovery programs and helpful literature. \"My entire recovery (and likely, [that of] countless other males) was about fitting myself into a recovery culture mostly designed, tailored, and intended for females,\" wrote survivor and activist Matt Wetsel in a February 2015 blog post. \"I even got turned away initially from the group therapy which played an integral role in my recovery \u2013- the only one my school offered -\u2013 because I wasn\u2019t a woman.\" MYTH: Eating disorders happen only to young people. A 2012 study found a high rate of eating disorders in women over 50. \"I think there is such pressure on older women to not look like they're becoming older,\" Dr. Cynthia Bulik, director of an eating disorders program at the University of North Carolina, said in a CBS interview about the study. \"Everything is about looking younger, trying to stay thin and attractive, whether that means surgery or cosmetics or whatever. The pressure to not age is so strong. That leads them down the path of unhealthy eating and diet behaviors.\" MYTH: All those with eating disorders are skeletally thin. \"Someone with bulimia or binge-eating disorder, or an eating disorder unspecified, could be any weight,\" Dr. Edward Selby, an eating disorders specialist at Rutgers University, told The Huffington Post. \"They could be underweight, normal weight, overweight or even obese. You cannot tell if someone has an eating disorder just by looking at them.\" Because sufferers might not \"look\" sick, they may be less likely to reach out for help or may be taken less seriously when they do. MYTH: Anorexia and bulimia are the most common eating disorders. According to Dr. Selby, the most common eating disorder is \u201cother.\u201d The formal term for that is EDNOS (\"eating disorder not otherwise specified\") -- or since the 2013 update of the standard diagnostic manual, OSFED (\u201cother specified feeding or eating disorder\u201d). \"That means they're having eating problems or weight and body image issues, but they don't fit the diagnosis for anorexia or bulimia,\" Selby said. Because the symptoms and experiences of EDNOS vary so widely and because this \"other\" category receives much less coverage in the media, its sufferers may not even realize they have a problem. MYTH: Eating disorders are a lifestyle choice. \"This is perhaps the most damaging myth that our patients have had to deal with,\" Dr. Bulik said during a Feb. 14 talk at the National Institute of Mental Health. \"Eating disorders are illnesses, not choices.\" The idea that eating disorders are a \"choice\" may make it difficult for sufferers to open up to family and friends for fear of being judged or told to \"just eat.\" MYTH: Eating disorders are caused by dysfunctional families. \"You'll hear the myth that it's the family's fault, but a lot goes into an eating disorder, including genetic, societal and cultural factors,\" Dr. Selby told HuffPost. \"It can really tear up families, when the family is crucial to eating disorder recovery.\" In its resources for parents and other family members on supporting a child or sibling with an eating disorder, NEDA encourages parents not to blame themselves. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Need help? Call the National Eating Disorders Association hotline at 1-800-931-2237. This article has been updated to note that the term EDNOS, while still widespread, was replaced in the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders with the term OSFED."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/matthew-needles_n_6796058": {"headline": "Homeowner Discovers Vomit-Covered Stranger Passed Out In Dining Room", "section": "WEIRD NEWS", "tags": ["WEIRD PHOTOS VIDEOS", "WEIRD NEWS", "MUG SHOTS"], "summary": "Man Finds Vomit-Covered Stranger Passed Out In Dining Room", "author": "David Moye", "text": "A homeowner in Arlington County, Virginia, had a major shock when he awoke Saturday morning to let his dog outside. Right there in his dining room, was a strange man covered in vomit passed out on the floor. Read more on Brobible.com By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/john_n_6796110": {"headline": "Jihadi John: Father Accuses Mohammed Emwazi Of Being A 'Dog' And 'Terrorist'", "section": "THE WORLD POST", "tags": ["SYRIA-NEWS"], "summary": "Jihadi John: Father Accuses Mohammed Emwazi Of Being A 'Dog' And 'Terrorist'", "author": "Eline Gordts", "text": "The father of Mohammed Emwazi described his son as a \"dog, an animal and a terrorist\" and revealed he begged his parents for forgiveness before joining Isil and becoming Jihadi John, the Daily Telegraph can disclose. Read more on The Telegraph"}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/tennessee-no-go-zones_n_6795028": {"headline": "Tennessee's Latest Bill Bans Nonexistent Muslim 'No-Go Zones'", "section": "POLITICS", "tags": ["POLITICS", "ISLAMOPHOBIA", "COUNCIL ON AMERICAN-ISLAMIC RELATIONS"], "summary": "Tennessee's Latest Bill Bans Nonexistent Muslim 'No-Go Zones'", "author": "Julia Craven", "text": "WASHINGTON -- Muslim communities in Tennessee may soon be penalized for allegedly being too unwelcoming of those who don't practice the Islamic faith. The issue centers around \"no-go zones.\" In January, a pundit on Fox News claimed that there were neighborhoods in France and the United Kingdom that had been taken over by Muslims and were off-limits to others. The claim, however, was false, and the network apologized. But last month, Tennessee state Rep. Susan Lynn (R) and state Sen. Bill Ketron (R) introduced legislation in the House and Senate aimed at ridding the state of no-go zones, or, as the bills describe them, \"contiguous geographical area[s] consisting of public space or privately owned public space where community organizing efforts systematically intimidate or exclude the general public or public workers from entering or being present within the area.\" The Council on American-Islamic Relations said that even though Muslims are not specifically singled out in the legislation, it appears to be motivated by Islamophobia. \"The whole fantastical notion of a no-go zone, which has been disproven by even Fox News, is almost gospel on the right wing of the political spectrum now,\" CAIR spokesman Ibrahim Hooper told The Huffington Post after likening the zones to unicorns. \"It's just utter nonsense but, [as] with so much in the Islamophobia industry in the United States ... it passes for statesmanship in the current climate.\" Robert McCaw, CAIR's government affairs manager, recently wrote a letter to leading lawmakers in the Tennessee General Assembly requesting that they abandon the legislation. The bill does not explicitly target or single out any particular group that may be at risk for creating \"no-go zones.\" But according to Lynn, some constituents have expressed feelings of discomfort when in areas they consider sketchy. \"And as you know, when there's activity happening where people sort of feel intimidated, there's not exactly a sign up on the wall,\" Lynn told The Tennessean. \"But it's just an overall feeling of intimidation.\" Lynn also likened her bill to civil rights era legislation that integrated schools. Hooper said the comparison is absurd. \"It's all just a smoke screen for anti-Muslim bigotry,\" he said. \"It's all part of the Islamophobia machine's campaign to demonize Islam and marginalize American Muslims. And anything that contributes to that marginalization is okay with them -- no matter how fantastical it is.\" Hedy Weinberg, executive director of Tennessee's American Civil Liberties Union, told The Huffington Post the bill is an attempt to subject the state's Muslim population to unwarranted discrimination. \"Existing laws already ensure that public safety and access to public space are protected, without threatening Tennesseans' rights to peaceable assembly and religious freedom,\" she said. \"To put it simply, there are no places in Tennessee that are exempt from existing state and federal laws.\" The Knoxville News Sentinel also slammed the bill in an editorial Monday, writing, \"The bill is obviously aimed at Muslims, though they are not mentioned by name in the bill. Bigotry, however it is disguised, remains bigotry.\" Ketron, the bill's Senate sponsor, has a history of supporting anti-Muslim legislation. According to CAIR, Ketron raised concerns in 2013 that a sink in the state Capitol was being used by Muslims to perform ablutions before daily prayer. The previous year, the senator co-sponsored the Putting Tennessee First Act, which would have limited the number of immigrants working in the state's charter schools, after a conservative group claimed Islamic influence was rising in the state. Ketron also introduced a bill in 2011 that would have outlawed adherence to Sharia within Tennessee's borders. Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. Most of these proposals addressed issues that didn't exist in the first place, according to Hooper -- but they still had negative effects. \"The impact that they do have is a public relations propaganda impact in terms of getting people to feel hostility toward Islam and Muslims,\" he said. Weinberg said the state's general assembly should put its focus elsewhere. \"The legislature should focus on issues that require real attention like access to health care, economic development and education rather than creating non-existent problems,\" she said. Lynn and Ketron did not immediately return requests for comment. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/andrew-lacks-return-to-nb_n_6795932": {"headline": "Andrew Lack's Return To NBC Could Signal Return Of Brian Williams", "section": "MEDIA", "tags": ["BRIAN WILLIAMS", "NBC NEWS"], "summary": "REPORT: NBC Shakeup Could Open The Door For Brian Williams' Return", "author": "Peter Andrew Hart", "text": "Former NBC News president Andrew Lack's return to 30 Rock -- he is currently in talks about a \"top job\" in the news division -- would catalyze a major shakeup among the executive leadership and would likely signal Brian Williams' return to the network, current and former high-level NBC News staff told the On Media blog on Monday. Read more on POLITICO By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/funny-love-notes-lolz_n_6788020": {"headline": "14 Love Notes That Show The Quirkier Side Of Romance", "section": "WEDDINGS", "tags": ["HPLIFESTYLE", "LOVE & SEX", "LOVE NOTES"], "summary": "14 Love Notes That Show The Quirkier Side Of Romance", "author": "Kelsey Borresen", "text": "Oh, modern love. Sure, maybe it doesn't have all of the splendor and classic romance of our grandparents' day and age. But being in love today seems like a heck of a lot more fun, if you ask us. Below is a compilation of 14 delightfully weird love notes from our readers and Redditors too. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Sign up for our newsletter here. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/honolulu-cop-slams-man-to-ground_n_6795814": {}, "https://www.huffpost.com/entry/college-gourmet_n_6786614": {"headline": "This Is What Passes As #CollegeGourmet On Campus", "section": "COLLEGE", "tags": ["COLLEGE EATING HABITS", "COLLEGE FOOD"], "summary": "This Is What Passes As #CollegeGourmet On Campus", "author": "Alexandra Svokos", "text": "The eating habits of college students can be hard to pin down. While some stick to greasy, and microwaveable foods, like Hot Pockets and ramen, other students are cooking up enviable dishes in their dorm room kitchens. We checked with students on Twitter and Instagram to see what they consider to be #CollegeGourmet -- or at least the peak of their cuisine. Students proudly displayed everything from meticulously styled plates to quickly-made guilty pleasures eaten by hand. This is what passes for #CollegeGourmet: @HuffPostCollege #CollegeGourmet for the sickly \ud83d\ude14 pic.twitter.com/uUJG92lxsN @HuffPostCollege #collegegourmet pic.twitter.com/WUG42J6EQJ \u2014 not richardkeith33 (@richardkeith33) February 27, 2015 Only if you're 21 or older though! Three-Cheese Broccoli hot pocket wrapped in ham & cheese #collegegourmet #qualityfood pic.twitter.com/mZjSo7hxvs Ingredients: Pasta from a Ramen Noodles package, Ragu, Italian seasoning, my roomies Parmesan cheese\ud83c\udf5d#collegegourmet pic.twitter.com/MGEd7DatQY \u2014 Danielle De Toro (@DanielleDeToro) August 23, 2014 @huffpostcollege #guac #CollegeGourmet #goodfats #trill #hashtag pic.twitter.com/yTCVvCQoRO @HuffPostCollege look ma no hands #gyouza aka #potstickers #\u9903\u5b50#collegegourmet pic.twitter.com/rU1jXIIn6E @HuffPostCollege I just invested in a quesadilla maker, so that's #CollegeGourmet right? pic.twitter.com/UFglPKfDlc I made pizza! #yum #college #collegegourmet pic.twitter.com/8jMNBF4zej @HuffPostCollege lamb chops green beans and spinach noodles #CollegeGourmet pic.twitter.com/axU41rERTe @HuffPostCollege homemade pie filling poptarts are the ultimate #CollegeGourmet pic.twitter.com/B97bgiV0fg \u2014 damndice (@cr4ds) February 25, 2015 @HuffPostCollege Sriracha chicken tiki masala with basmati rice \ud83d\udc4d used to be my go-to #CollegeGourmet pic.twitter.com/j2dtdwSRqQ Consider supporting HuffPost starting at $2 to help us provide free, quality journalism that puts people first. Can't afford to contribute? Support HuffPost by creating a free account and log in while you read. Already contributed? Log in to hide these messages. @HuffPostCollege check out this meal me and my bf made a few months ago #CollegeGourmet So good, we were in heaven. pic.twitter.com/m8mUXhj0Cy \u2014 Tai Coates (@Tie_Jackets) March 2, 2015 By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you're agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy."}}}}}}